An introduction to ``SiffPy``
=============================

One major downside to collecting FLIM (fluorescence lifetime imaging
microscopy) data is that it does not naturally conform to the structure
of an array: samples with high temporal resolution (like the 5
picoseconds of the PicoQuant MultiHarp) will be very sparse data, with
thousands of possible arrival times per pixel and most of those data
being zeros. And so instead of exporting a standard ``.tiff`` file,
``ScanImage-FLIM`` saves data in the ``.siff`` format, which uses a
``.tiff``-like format to store FLIM data. But because this is not a
standard ``.tiff`` file, it needs its own reader. ``SiffPy`` exists to
extract the data from ``.siff`` files and transform them into ``numpy``
arrays and ``Python`` objects that can be easily piped into standard
workflows.

This page contains examples for some simple workflows that are
constrained entirely to ``SiffPy`` or external pacakges. There are also
other packages that exist with the intention of working with ``SiffPy``
(e.g. ``SiffROI``, ``siff-napari``) that do this job as well. For this
example, we will use a very small ``.siff`` file, but all the usual
semantics will still hold

File I/O
--------

The first thing we need to do, of course, is read a file! The main tool
of ``SiffPy`` is the ``SiffReader`` object, which provides a basic API
for returning ``ndarray`` objects. A ``SiffReader`` can be initialized
with a path to a ``.siff`` file, which will be opened automatically, or
it can be initialized in isolation and a file can be passed later with
the ``open`` function:

:: code:: python3

   sr = SiffReader()

   # collect some user input, other info
   ...

   sr.open(path_to_file)

but the most common use case is as below. File opening is generally
pretty fast (no more than a few seconds for several-GB files), but if
you’re reading data from a mounted server that’s not local, I haven’t
optimized the reader to maximize bandwidth yet and it can be slow.

Note the skipped frames below – data acquisition goes by color channel,
and in this example there are two color channels but only one with
signal!

.. code:: python3

    from siffpy import SiffReader
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    # file_path can be a string or a pathlib.Path object,
    # or anything that can be cast to a pathlib.Path object
    #file_path = 'path/to/file.siff'
    file_path = '/Users/stephen/Desktop/Data/imaging/2024-05/2024-05-27/SS02255_greenCamui_alpha/Fly1/FB_1.siff'
    
    sr = SiffReader(file_path)
    
    # Returns a `numpy` array of the photon count (i.e. intensity) data
    # contained in the frames indexed as in the provided `frames`
    # argument.
    first_few_frame_indices = list(range(8))
    first_frames = sr.get_frames(frames = first_few_frame_indices)
    
    f, axes = plt.subplots(1, len(first_frames))
    for i, x in enumerate(axes):
        x.axis('off')
        x.set_aspect('equal')
        x.set_adjustable('box')
        x.imshow(first_frames[i])



.. image:: basic_use_notebook_files/basic_use_notebook_2_0.png


ImParams and figuring out which frames to load
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``SiffReader`` object will now have a ``im_params`` attribute that
points to an ``ImParams`` object, an interface for accessing the
metadata in the ``.siff`` file. Printing the ``ImParams`` object will
report some of this metadata (e.g. the number of frames). Some of it is
stored in the metadata of the ScanImage modules, which can be accessed
like attributes.

.. code:: python3

    im_par = sr.im_params
    print(im_par)


.. parsed-literal::

    Image parameters: 
    	ScanImage modules : 
    		base
    		Beams
    		CameraManager
    		Channels
    		ConfigurationSaver
    		CoordinateSystems
    		CycleManager
    		Display
    		FastZ
    		IntegrationRoiManager
    		MotionManager
    		Motors
    		Photostim
    		Pmts
    		RoiManager
    		Scan2D
    		Shutters
    		StackManager
    		TileManager
    		UserFunctions
    		WSConnector
    		WaveformManager
    	_num_frames_from_siffio : 94306
    	roi_groups : {'imagingRoiGroup': 
            ROI group Default Imaging ROI Group with
            1 ROI(s):
    
            
            ROI  with
            13 scanfield(s):
    
            {'ver': 1, 'classname': 'scanimage.mroi.scanfield.fields.RotatedRectangle', 'name': 'Default Imaging Scanfield', 'UserData': None, 'roiUuid': '9DB51A994047081F', 'roiUuiduint64': 1.136401848e+19, 'centerXY': [0, 0], 'sizeXY': [0.9, 1.8], 'rotationDegrees': 0, 'enable': 1, 'pixelResolutionXY': [128, 256], 'pixelToRefTransform': [[0.00703125, 0, -0.453515625], [0, 0.00703125, -0.903515625], [0, 0, 1]], 'affine': [[0.9, 0, -0.45], [0, 1.8, -0.9], [0, 0, 1]]}
            
            , 'integrationRoiGroup': 
            ROI group  with
            1 ROI(s):
    
            
            ROI  with
            1 scanfield(s):
    
            
            
            }
    


.. code:: python3

    print(im_par.FastZ)


.. parsed-literal::

    FastZ module: 
    	submodules : {}
    	actuatorLag : 0
    	discardFlybackFrames : True
    	enable : True
    	enableFieldCurveCorr : False
    	errorMsg : 
    	flybackTime : 0.015
    	hasFastZ : True
    	name : SI FastZ
    	numDiscardFlybackFrames : 1
    	position : -45
    	reserverInfo : 
    	userInfo : 
    	volumePeriodAdjustment : -0.0006
    	warnMsg : 
    	waveformType : sawtooth


The most useful thing you’ll likely use the ``ImParams`` object to do is
call its framelist functions. These use the ScanImage metadata to
compute which frames in the ``.siff`` file correspond to which parts of
the imaging volume / session. This way you don’t need to figure out
things like what order frames are in, which frames to skip because
they’re flyback, etc. etc. For more information, please check the
``SiffReader`` documentation and the ``ImParams`` one.

.. code:: python3

    # Get the indices of all frames by timepoint (i.e. across all planes, technically
    # slightly separated in time). Note that this example skips frame 6, which
    # in this experiment was a flyback frame
    im_par.flatten_by_timepoints(timepoint_start = 0, timepoint_end = 10)




.. parsed-literal::

    [0,
     2,
     4,
     6,
     8,
     10,
     14,
     16,
     18,
     20,
     22,
     24,
     28,
     30,
     32,
     34,
     36,
     38,
     42,
     44,
     46,
     48,
     50,
     52,
     56,
     58,
     60,
     62,
     64,
     66,
     70,
     72,
     74,
     76,
     78,
     80,
     84,
     86,
     88,
     90,
     92,
     94,
     98,
     100,
     102,
     104,
     106,
     108,
     112,
     114,
     116,
     118,
     120,
     122,
     126,
     128,
     130,
     132,
     134,
     136]



You can also ask for just the frames of a specific z plane

.. code:: python3

    im_par.flatten_by_timepoints(timepoint_start = 0, timepoint_end = 10, reference_z = 3)




.. parsed-literal::

    [6, 20, 34, 48, 62, 76, 90, 104, 118, 132]



If you want all of the frames corresponding to a given
slice/color/whatever, use the ``framelist_by_x`` methods:

.. code:: python3

    print ("All frames with color channel 0:")
    print(im_par.framelist_by_color(color_channel = 0, lower_bound_timepoint = 0, upper_bound_timepoint=10))
    
    print("All frames in timepoint < 5 in the third slice:")
    print(im_par.framelist_by_slices(color_channel=0, lower_bound = 0, upper_bound=5, slices = [2]))


.. parsed-literal::

    All frames with color channel 0:
    [0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 24, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 42, 44, 46, 48, 50, 52, 56, 58, 60, 62, 64, 66, 70, 72, 74, 76, 78, 80, 84, 86, 88, 90, 92, 94, 98, 100, 102, 104, 106, 108, 112, 114, 116, 118, 120, 122, 126, 128, 130, 132, 134, 136]
    All frames in timepoint < 5 in the third slice:
    [4, 18, 32, 46, 60]


Now we can get all of the frames from, let’s say, the fourth plane

.. code:: python3

    slice_frames = sr.get_frames(frames = im_par.framelist_by_slices(color_channel=0, slices = [3]))
    print(slice_frames.shape)


.. parsed-literal::

    (6736, 256, 128)


Or we can get the whole imaging series and then reshape it

.. code:: python3

    full_session = (
        sr
        .get_frames(frames=sr.im_params.flatten_by_timepoints(color_channel=None))
        .reshape(sr.im_params.array_shape)
    )
    
    print([
        f"{dim_name}: {dim_val}"
        for dim_name, dim_val in zip(("timepoints", "slices", "channels", "rows", "columns"),full_session.shape)
        ]
    )


.. parsed-literal::

    ['timepoints: 6736', 'slices: 6', 'channels: 2', 'rows: 256', 'columns: 128']


.. code:: python3

    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    f, x = plt.subplots(1, full_session.shape[1], figsize=(10, 5))
    
    for plane, ax in zip(range(full_session.shape[1]), x):
        ax.imshow(full_session[:,plane, 0, ...].mean(axis=0).squeeze())
        ax.axis("off")
        



.. image:: basic_use_notebook_files/basic_use_notebook_16_0.png


Registration
------------

Almost all imaging sessions will have some motion artifacts. We need to
do some image registration to correct those and align to a template. The
template is also usually very useful for drawing ROIs, since it’s
generally some form of consensus image across the timeseries. In this
section, we will look at the tools for registration built in to
``SiffPy`` and explore how to pipe these data into another registration
pipeline of our choice. There are native registration tools mainly
because: 1) Many pipelines want to take in a ``.tiff`` file, which we
just don’t have! Even if you *do* convert the ``.siff`` to a ``.tiff``,
you’ll lose the photon arrival time data! 2) The ``SiffIO`` object will
perform rigid registration in-place, rather than duplicating the data,
so it accepts a dictionary of pixel shifts and reassigns pixels in
frames as it reads them from disk.

For more info please refer to
:literal:`{eval-rst} :ref:\`registration\``

.. code:: python3

    # SiffPy as a registration method is probably one of the worse ones,
    # but it doesn't require any additional dependencies! If you have `suite2p`
    # installed, you can use that instead as below.
    registration_dict = sr.register(registration_method='siffpy', alignment_color_channel=0)
    
    # On my Macbook Pro, this takes about 2 minutes for our 7,000 volume 256x128 frame data
    
    #registration_dict is also stored in the siffreader as sr.registration_dict, but more info
    # is in the RegistrationInfo object
    sr.registration_info


.. parsed-literal::

    WARNING:root:
    
     	 Don't forget to fix the zplane alignment!!


.. parsed-literal::

    Registering z-plane 0
    Registering z-plane 1
    Registering z-plane 2
    Registering z-plane 3
    Registering z-plane 4
    Registering z-plane 5




.. parsed-literal::

    RegistrationType.Siffpy RegistrationInfo for /Users/stephen/Desktop/Data/imaging/2024-05/2024-05-27/SS02255_greenCamui_alpha/Fly1/FB_1.siff



The registration_dict is also stored in the siffreader as
``sr.registration_dict``, but more info is in the ``RegistrationInfo``
object

.. code:: python3

    reg_info = sr.registration_info
    print(reg_info)
    print(reg_info.yx_shifts)
    
    f, axes = plt.subplots(1, len(reg_info.reference_frames), figsize=(10, 5))
    
    for i, x in enumerate(axes):
        x.axis("off")
        x.imshow(
            reg_info.reference_frames[i].squeeze()
        )


.. parsed-literal::

    RegistrationType.Siffpy RegistrationInfo for /Users/stephen/Desktop/Data/imaging/2024-05/2024-05-27/SS02255_greenCamui_alpha/Fly1/FB_1.siff
    {1722: (255, 127), 32676: (255, 0), 28980: (0, 0), 67130: (255, 127), 50120: (255, 0), 24696: (0, 0), 26642: (255, 127), 69496: (255, 0), 39144: (255, 127), 75908: (0, 127), 6468: (0, 0), 14364: (255, 0), 78162: (255, 0), 84042: (0, 0), 42742: (0, 0), 24808: (255, 0), 63770: (255, 0), 36344: (255, 127), 70602: (255, 127), 31920: (255, 0), 84980: (0, 127), 74998: (0, 1), 32998: (255, 0), 70742: (255, 0), 4270: (255, 0), 61516: (0, 0), 36848: (255, 0), 90650: (255, 127), 36316: (255, 127), 92190: (0, 0), 93520: (255, 127), 53536: (255, 0), 86128: (0, 0), 88802: (255, 127), 72842: (255, 127), 89964: (255, 0), 24304: (255, 0), 25410: (0, 0), 45752: (255, 0), 41300: (255, 0), 24570: (0, 1), 15358: (255, 1), 28280: (255, 0), 2562: (0, 0), 63616: (0, 0), 14686: (0, 0), 29694: (255, 0), 80850: (255, 127), 65520: (255, 0), 75012: (0, 0), 8792: (255, 0), 72828: (255, 127), 32186: (0, 0), 88270: (255, 0), 70322: (0, 1), 85372: (255, 0), 50162: (0, 0), 88606: (0, 0), 47516: (255, 0), 44030: (0, 0), 93324: (255, 1), 35308: (0, 0), 75796: (255, 0), 79618: (0, 0), 10892: (0, 0), 44842: (0, 0), 54306: (255, 127), 87626: (0, 0), 92974: (255, 0), 56224: (0, 0), 63224: (255, 127), 46158: (255, 0), 52612: (255, 127), 37688: (255, 0), 25564: (0, 0), 35196: (255, 0), 57876: (255, 0), 37072: (255, 127), 53466: (0, 1), 41930: (0, 0), 13692: (0, 0), 64274: (0, 0), 74004: (255, 1), 27202: (0, 0), 53382: (0, 0), 64708: (255, 0), 77854: (255, 0), 64918: (255, 127), 47180: (0, 0), 54586: (0, 0), 40838: (255, 0), 37016: (0, 127), 54782: (255, 0), 35630: (255, 127), 28406: (255, 0), 54110: (0, 0), 14476: (255, 0), 67900: (255, 127), 82950: (0, 0), 56420: (0, 0), 92330: (0, 127), 91154: (255, 0), 14840: (0, 127), 82922: (0, 0), 91756: (255, 0), 10290: (255, 0), 28490: (255, 0), 86618: (255, 127), 51870: (0, 0), 69468: (0, 127), 64344: (0, 0), 34356: (255, 127), 21238: (255, 127), 41832: (255, 0), 4690: (0, 0), 56350: (255, 127), 90510: (0, 1), 88256: (255, 0), 31528: (0, 127), 63630: (0, 0), 91210: (0, 127), 11130: (0, 0), 92344: (0, 127), 27426: (0, 0), 64414: (0, 1), 68278: (0, 127), 16324: (0, 0), 36708: (255, 0), 73150: (0, 0), 38444: (0, 0), 33782: (255, 0), 21406: (255, 0), 78260: (0, 0), 94248: (254, 0), 66654: (0, 0), 57764: (255, 127), 64106: (0, 0), 1708: (255, 127), 78596: (0, 0), 28588: (255, 1), 93576: (255, 0), 30324: (255, 0), 29750: (255, 0), 17570: (0, 0), 10402: (255, 0), 77756: (0, 0), 79268: (255, 0), 49014: (0, 0), 78820: (0, 0), 92064: (255, 0), 75124: (0, 0), 45836: (255, 0), 73570: (0, 127), 44436: (255, 1), 1092: (0, 127), 33586: (255, 0), 1386: (255, 0), 60032: (255, 0), 60130: (255, 0), 85246: (0, 0), 19838: (0, 0), 24066: (0, 0), 53284: (255, 127), 49056: (255, 0), 93772: (253, 0), 49560: (255, 0), 72072: (0, 1), 42854: (255, 0), 91392: (255, 2), 11900: (255, 0), 54796: (255, 0), 72940: (255, 0), 58016: (255, 0), 54152: (0, 127), 6118: (255, 0), 51800: (0, 0), 64400: (0, 0), 55636: (255, 0), 51996: (255, 0), 9716: (255, 0), 86492: (0, 127), 2926: (255, 1), 9534: (0, 127), 47628: (255, 0), 93562: (255, 0), 26684: (255, 127), 1190: (0, 0), 31752: (255, 0), 35588: (255, 0), 53704: (255, 0), 49728: (0, 0), 46032: (0, 0), 18438: (0, 0), 980: (255, 0), 25648: (255, 0), 86604: (255, 127), 3108: (0, 0), 0: (252, 126), 14: (254, 127), 28: (231, 0), 42: (244, 127), 56: (199, 125), 70: (221, 126), 84: (11, 118), 98: (4, 125), 112: (229, 124), 126: (11, 0), 140: (228, 125), 154: (78, 106), 168: (55, 103), 182: (55, 117), 196: (52, 125), 210: (239, 125), 224: (6, 124), 238: (6, 127), 252: (254, 1), 266: (216, 123), 280: (195, 122), 294: (246, 126), 308: (253, 127), 322: (240, 125), 336: (211, 127), 350: (28, 118), 364: (225, 124), 378: (253, 126), 392: (14, 122), 406: (14, 126), 420: (44, 118), 434: (11, 123), 448: (250, 121), 462: (176, 103), 476: (220, 124), 490: (227, 120), 504: (219, 126), 518: (250, 125), 532: (213, 121), 546: (10, 118), 560: (25, 119), 574: (80, 110), 588: (254, 124), 602: (30, 123), 616: (81, 116), 630: (9, 121), 644: (18, 122), 658: (34, 116), 672: (223, 125), 686: (198, 105), 700: (11, 110), 714: (14, 119), 728: (27, 110), 742: (14, 115), 756: (0, 125), 770: (246, 124), 784: (223, 115), 798: (234, 119), 812: (241, 122), 826: (252, 126), 840: (254, 127), 854: (255, 127), 868: (252, 126), 882: (247, 123), 896: (245, 124), 910: (252, 127), 924: (254, 127), 938: (254, 127), 952: (254, 127), 966: (255, 127), 994: (255, 0), 1008: (255, 0), 1022: (0, 0), 1036: (0, 0), 1050: (255, 0), 1064: (0, 0), 1078: (0, 0), 1106: (0, 127), 1120: (0, 127), 1134: (0, 0), 1148: (0, 0), 1162: (0, 0), 1176: (0, 0), 1204: (0, 0), 1218: (0, 0), 1232: (0, 127), 1246: (0, 127), 1260: (255, 0), 1274: (0, 0), 1288: (0, 0), 1302: (255, 0), 1316: (255, 0), 1330: (255, 1), 1344: (255, 0), 1358: (255, 0), 1372: (255, 0), 1400: (255, 0), 1414: (255, 0), 1428: (255, 0), 1442: (255, 0), 1456: (255, 0), 1470: (255, 0), 1484: (255, 0), 1498: (255, 0), 1512: (255, 0), 1526: (255, 0), 1540: (255, 127)}


.. image:: basic_use_notebook_files/basic_use_notebook_21_1.png


.. code:: python3

    # If your siffreader performed the registration, it will also automatically use it unless you override the
    # registration_dict keyword argument, but
    # I'm spelling out its use here for clarity
    registered_frames = sr.get_frames(frames = first_few_frame_indices, registration_dict = reg_info.yx_shifts)
    print(registered_frames.shape)


.. parsed-literal::

    (8, 256, 128)


There are multiple registration packages available. Let’s try the same
with ``suite2p``. It goes faster and tends to look better! In this case,
it took 80 seconds, a 30% speedup compared to my crappy implementation

.. code:: python3

    sr.register(registration_method='suite2p', alignment_color_channel=0)


.. parsed-literal::

    WARNING:root:
    
     	 Don't forget to fix the zplane alignment!!


.. parsed-literal::

    Reference frame, 1.28 sec.
    Registered 500/6736 in 1.01s
    Registered 1000/6736 in 2.84s
    Registered 1500/6736 in 3.87s
    Registered 2000/6736 in 4.92s
    Registered 2500/6736 in 6.09s
    Registered 3000/6736 in 7.59s
    Registered 3500/6736 in 8.63s
    Registered 4000/6736 in 10.12s
    Registered 4500/6736 in 11.53s
    Registered 5000/6736 in 12.57s
    Registered 5500/6736 in 14.49s
    Registered 6000/6736 in 15.30s
    Registered 6500/6736 in 16.20s
    Registered 6736/6736 in 16.72s
    Reference frame, 1.28 sec.
    Registered 500/6736 in 1.33s
    Registered 1000/6736 in 2.11s
    Registered 1500/6736 in 3.01s
    Registered 2000/6736 in 3.87s
    Registered 2500/6736 in 4.74s
    Registered 3000/6736 in 5.64s
    Registered 3500/6736 in 6.53s
    Registered 4000/6736 in 7.49s
    Registered 4500/6736 in 8.62s
    Registered 5000/6736 in 9.49s
    Registered 5500/6736 in 10.38s
    Registered 6000/6736 in 11.58s
    Registered 6500/6736 in 12.45s
    Registered 6736/6736 in 13.00s
    Reference frame, 1.36 sec.
    Registered 500/6736 in 1.55s
    Registered 1000/6736 in 3.44s
    Registered 1500/6736 in 5.74s
    Registered 2000/6736 in 8.25s
    Registered 2500/6736 in 10.31s
    Registered 3000/6736 in 11.99s
    Registered 3500/6736 in 13.86s
    Registered 4000/6736 in 14.78s
    Registered 4500/6736 in 16.79s
    Registered 5000/6736 in 18.64s
    Registered 5500/6736 in 19.70s
    Registered 6000/6736 in 20.60s
    Registered 6500/6736 in 22.23s
    Registered 6736/6736 in 23.06s
    Reference frame, 1.31 sec.
    Registered 500/6736 in 0.88s
    Registered 1000/6736 in 1.83s
    Registered 1500/6736 in 2.76s
    Registered 2000/6736 in 4.61s
    Registered 2500/6736 in 5.65s
    Registered 3000/6736 in 7.52s
    Registered 3500/6736 in 8.35s
    Registered 4000/6736 in 9.23s
    Registered 4500/6736 in 10.06s
    Registered 5000/6736 in 10.92s
    Registered 5500/6736 in 11.76s
    Registered 6000/6736 in 12.61s
    Registered 6500/6736 in 13.54s
    Registered 6736/6736 in 14.13s
    Reference frame, 1.27 sec.
    Registered 500/6736 in 0.75s
    Registered 1000/6736 in 1.74s
    Registered 1500/6736 in 2.60s
    Registered 2000/6736 in 3.57s
    Registered 2500/6736 in 5.16s
    Registered 3000/6736 in 6.56s
    Registered 3500/6736 in 7.46s
    Registered 4000/6736 in 8.41s
    Registered 4500/6736 in 9.40s
    Registered 5000/6736 in 10.29s
    Registered 5500/6736 in 11.17s
    Registered 6000/6736 in 12.19s
    Registered 6500/6736 in 13.16s
    Registered 6736/6736 in 13.74s
    Reference frame, 1.39 sec.
    Registered 500/6736 in 0.76s
    Registered 1000/6736 in 1.78s
    Registered 1500/6736 in 2.83s
    Registered 2000/6736 in 4.89s
    Registered 2500/6736 in 6.96s
    Registered 3000/6736 in 8.38s
    Registered 3500/6736 in 9.27s
    Registered 4000/6736 in 10.11s
    Registered 4500/6736 in 11.00s
    Registered 5000/6736 in 11.74s
    Registered 5500/6736 in 12.67s
    Registered 6000/6736 in 13.54s
    Registered 6500/6736 in 14.50s
    Registered 6736/6736 in 15.04s




.. parsed-literal::

    {0: (5, 125),
     14: (12, 9),
     28: (12, 12),
     42: (249, 118),
     56: (255, 121),
     70: (253, 123),
     84: (248, 119),
     98: (250, 118),
     112: (249, 117),
     126: (243, 5),
     140: (248, 118),
     154: (9, 12),
     168: (243, 6),
     182: (1, 122),
     196: (248, 118),
     210: (252, 119),
     224: (250, 118),
     238: (6, 1),
     252: (1, 124),
     266: (244, 6),
     280: (0, 125),
     294: (244, 7),
     308: (249, 118),
     322: (250, 118),
     336: (243, 5),
     350: (6, 127),
     364: (243, 9),
     378: (2, 126),
     392: (249, 119),
     406: (0, 124),
     420: (12, 11),
     434: (244, 7),
     448: (247, 118),
     462: (3, 124),
     476: (10, 11),
     490: (0, 124),
     504: (1, 123),
     518: (1, 122),
     532: (2, 123),
     546: (5, 1),
     560: (5, 127),
     574: (4, 123),
     588: (0, 124),
     602: (254, 125),
     616: (248, 122),
     630: (4, 127),
     644: (2, 121),
     658: (10, 7),
     672: (251, 119),
     686: (249, 119),
     700: (0, 127),
     714: (0, 125),
     728: (5, 125),
     742: (254, 124),
     756: (6, 126),
     770: (1, 127),
     784: (1, 125),
     798: (0, 124),
     812: (255, 124),
     826: (1, 125),
     840: (1, 0),
     854: (0, 124),
     868: (1, 124),
     882: (2, 124),
     896: (0, 124),
     910: (0, 0),
     924: (0, 125),
     938: (1, 125),
     952: (1, 125),
     966: (1, 125),
     980: (1, 0),
     994: (0, 125),
     1008: (1, 125),
     1022: (2, 125),
     1036: (2, 125),
     1050: (0, 126),
     1064: (1, 125),
     1078: (2, 125),
     1092: (1, 125),
     1106: (1, 125),
     1120: (1, 124),
     1134: (1, 0),
     1148: (1, 125),
     1162: (1, 125),
     1176: (1, 125),
     1190: (1, 126),
     1204: (1, 0),
     1218: (2, 126),
     1232: (2, 126),
     1246: (1, 125),
     1260: (1, 0),
     1274: (2, 127),
     1288: (2, 126),
     1302: (1, 125),
     1316: (1, 126),
     1330: (2, 3),
     1344: (1, 126),
     1358: (2, 126),
     1372: (2, 126),
     1386: (1, 0),
     1400: (1, 125),
     1414: (2, 125),
     1428: (3, 125),
     1442: (2, 125),
     1456: (1, 0),
     1470: (1, 126),
     1484: (2, 125),
     1498: (2, 125),
     1512: (2, 1),
     1526: (2, 124),
     1540: (2, 124),
     1554: (2, 124),
     1568: (2, 125),
     1582: (2, 0),
     1596: (1, 125),
     1610: (1, 125),
     1624: (2, 125),
     1638: (2, 0),
     1652: (1, 126),
     1666: (1, 125),
     1680: (2, 125),
     1694: (2, 126),
     1708: (1, 0),
     1722: (1, 125),
     1736: (1, 125),
     1750: (1, 125),
     1764: (2, 1),
     1778: (2, 126),
     1792: (1, 126),
     1806: (1, 126),
     1820: (1, 2),
     1834: (2, 127),
     1848: (1, 126),
     1862: (1, 126),
     1876: (2, 127),
     1890: (2, 0),
     1904: (0, 125),
     1918: (1, 126),
     1932: (2, 127),
     1946: (2, 1),
     1960: (1, 127),
     1974: (1, 126),
     1988: (1, 126),
     2002: (1, 2),
     2016: (2, 127),
     2030: (2, 127),
     2044: (1, 126),
     2058: (0, 1),
     2072: (1, 127),
     2086: (2, 127),
     2100: (1, 127),
     2114: (1, 127),
     2128: (2, 0),
     2142: (1, 127),
     2156: (1, 126),
     2170: (1, 126),
     2184: (2, 3),
     2198: (2, 127),
     2212: (1, 126),
     2226: (2, 126),
     2240: (1, 127),
     2254: (1, 125),
     2268: (1, 125),
     2282: (2, 126),
     2296: (2, 126),
     2310: (2, 1),
     2324: (1, 126),
     2338: (1, 126),
     2352: (1, 126),
     2366: (2, 3),
     2380: (2, 127),
     2394: (1, 126),
     2408: (0, 125),
     2422: (1, 126),
     2436: (2, 1),
     2450: (2, 127),
     2464: (1, 126),
     2478: (2, 125),
     2492: (2, 1),
     2506: (2, 127),
     2520: (2, 125),
     2534: (2, 124),
     2548: (2, 124),
     2562: (3, 127),
     2576: (3, 125),
     2590: (2, 124),
     2604: (1, 124),
     2618: (2, 1),
     2632: (3, 127),
     2646: (1, 125),
     2660: (1, 125),
     2674: (2, 1),
     2688: (2, 127),
     2702: (1, 126),
     2716: (1, 126),
     2730: (2, 127),
     2744: (1, 126),
     2758: (1, 126),
     2772: (2, 126),
     2786: (2, 126),
     2800: (1, 1),
     2814: (1, 126),
     2828: (2, 126),
     2842: (1, 126),
     2856: (1, 2),
     2870: (2, 126),
     2884: (2, 126),
     2898: (2, 126),
     2912: (1, 125),
     2926: (1, 1),
     2940: (1, 126),
     2954: (2, 125),
     2968: (1, 125),
     2982: (2, 2),
     2996: (1, 127),
     3010: (0, 126),
     3024: (1, 126),
     3038: (2, 2),
     3052: (2, 127),
     3066: (2, 125),
     3080: (2, 124),
     3094: (2, 127),
     3108: (2, 126),
     3122: (2, 125),
     3136: (2, 124),
     3150: (1, 0),
     3164: (1, 126),
     3178: (2, 126),
     3192: (1, 125),
     3206: (1, 125),
     3220: (2, 1),
     3234: (3, 126),
     3248: (1, 125),
     3262: (1, 125),
     3276: (2, 2),
     3290: (2, 126),
     3304: (2, 126),
     3318: (1, 125),
     3332: (1, 2),
     3346: (1, 127),
     3360: (1, 126),
     3374: (2, 126),
     3388: (1, 2),
     3402: (1, 126),
     3416: (2, 125),
     3430: (2, 125),
     3444: (1, 127),
     3458: (1, 125),
     3472: (2, 125),
     3486: (3, 125),
     3500: (2, 126),
     3514: (2, 0),
     3528: (2, 126),
     3542: (3, 126),
     3556: (2, 126),
     3570: (2, 1),
     3584: (2, 126),
     3598: (1, 125),
     3612: (2, 126),
     3626: (2, 2),
     3640: (2, 127),
     3654: (2, 126),
     3668: (2, 125),
     3682: (2, 126),
     3696: (3, 127),
     3710: (2, 126),
     3724: (3, 125),
     3738: (4, 125),
     3752: (3, 1),
     3766: (2, 125),
     3780: (2, 125),
     3794: (1, 124),
     3808: (2, 1),
     3822: (2, 125),
     3836: (2, 125),
     3850: (1, 124),
     3864: (0, 1),
     3878: (1, 126),
     3892: (2, 126),
     3906: (2, 126),
     3920: (1, 0),
     3934: (1, 126),
     3948: (1, 126),
     3962: (2, 125),
     3976: (3, 125),
     3990: (2, 1),
     4004: (3, 127),
     4018: (3, 126),
     4032: (3, 126),
     4046: (1, 1),
     4060: (2, 126),
     4074: (2, 126),
     4088: (2, 126),
     4102: (1, 2),
     4116: (1, 127),
     4130: (1, 126),
     4144: (1, 126),
     4158: (2, 1),
     4172: (3, 126),
     4186: (2, 126),
     4200: (1, 124),
     4214: (2, 125),
     4228: (3, 1),
     4242: (2, 126),
     4256: (1, 125),
     4270: (1, 125),
     4284: (2, 1),
     4298: (1, 126),
     4312: (1, 125),
     4326: (1, 126),
     4340: (1, 126),
     4354: (2, 0),
     4368: (2, 126),
     4382: (1, 125),
     4396: (1, 124),
     4410: (2, 1),
     4424: (2, 126),
     4438: (1, 125),
     4452: (1, 125),
     4466: (1, 0),
     4480: (2, 127),
     4494: (1, 126),
     4508: (1, 125),
     4522: (1, 126),
     4536: (1, 127),
     4550: (1, 125),
     4564: (1, 125),
     4578: (2, 125),
     4592: (1, 1),
     4606: (1, 126),
     4620: (2, 125),
     4634: (2, 125),
     4648: (2, 125),
     4662: (2, 125),
     4676: (2, 125),
     4690: (1, 0),
     4704: (1, 126),
     4718: (2, 126),
     4732: (3, 126),
     4746: (1, 125),
     4760: (2, 126),
     4774: (2, 1),
     4788: (1, 126),
     4802: (1, 126),
     4816: (2, 126),
     4830: (2, 125),
     4844: (1, 125),
     4858: (1, 127),
     4872: (2, 125),
     4886: (4, 125),
     4900: (3, 124),
     4914: (2, 124),
     4928: (4, 1),
     4942: (3, 124),
     4956: (2, 125),
     4970: (2, 124),
     4984: (2, 126),
     4998: (1, 127),
     5012: (1, 125),
     5026: (2, 125),
     5040: (2, 125),
     5054: (1, 0),
     5068: (2, 126),
     5082: (2, 126),
     5096: (2, 125),
     5110: (2, 126),
     5124: (2, 0),
     5138: (2, 125),
     5152: (2, 125),
     5166: (2, 125),
     5180: (2, 1),
     5194: (2, 126),
     5208: (2, 126),
     5222: (3, 125),
     5236: (3, 124),
     5250: (2, 127),
     5264: (2, 125),
     5278: (1, 125),
     5292: (1, 125),
     5306: (3, 0),
     5320: (2, 127),
     5334: (1, 125),
     5348: (1, 125),
     5362: (2, 125),
     5376: (2, 0),
     5390: (1, 125),
     5404: (2, 124),
     5418: (2, 125),
     5432: (2, 127),
     5446: (1, 124),
     5460: (1, 123),
     5474: (2, 124),
     5488: (3, 124),
     5502: (2, 0),
     5516: (1, 125),
     5530: (1, 125),
     5544: (1, 125),
     5558: (2, 127),
     5572: (2, 0),
     5586: (2, 126),
     5600: (0, 126),
     5614: (1, 125),
     5628: (2, 2),
     5642: (3, 125),
     5656: (3, 125),
     5670: (2, 123),
     5684: (2, 124),
     5698: (2, 0),
     5712: (1, 125),
     5726: (1, 125),
     5740: (2, 125),
     5754: (2, 1),
     5768: (2, 126),
     5782: (1, 126),
     5796: (1, 125),
     5810: (2, 126),
     5824: (3, 127),
     5838: (2, 125),
     5852: (2, 125),
     5866: (1, 125),
     5880: (2, 2),
     5894: (2, 126),
     5908: (2, 126),
     5922: (1, 125),
     5936: (1, 126),
     5950: (1, 0),
     5964: (1, 127),
     5978: (1, 125),
     5992: (2, 126),
     6006: (1, 2),
     6020: (1, 127),
     6034: (1, 126),
     6048: (1, 126),
     6062: (1, 126),
     6076: (2, 1),
     6090: (2, 127),
     6104: (1, 126),
     6118: (1, 126),
     6132: (1, 3),
     6146: (1, 127),
     6160: (1, 127),
     6174: (1, 126),
     6188: (0, 1),
     6202: (0, 127),
     6216: (2, 127),
     6230: (2, 126),
     6244: (1, 126),
     6258: (1, 127),
     6272: (2, 124),
     6286: (2, 125),
     6300: (1, 125),
     6314: (1, 0),
     6328: (2, 127),
     6342: (1, 126),
     6356: (0, 126),
     6370: (1, 126),
     6384: (2, 0),
     6398: (1, 126),
     6412: (2, 127),
     6426: (2, 126),
     6440: (2, 3),
     6454: (2, 126),
     6468: (1, 125),
     6482: (2, 125),
     6496: (2, 1),
     6510: (2, 126),
     6524: (2, 125),
     6538: (1, 125),
     6552: (1, 126),
     6566: (2, 1),
     6580: (3, 127),
     6594: (2, 126),
     6608: (1, 126),
     6622: (2, 2),
     6636: (2, 127),
     6650: (2, 126),
     6664: (1, 125),
     6678: (2, 1),
     6692: (2, 127),
     6706: (1, 125),
     6720: (1, 125),
     6734: (1, 127),
     6748: (2, 127),
     6762: (2, 126),
     6776: (1, 126),
     6790: (0, 125),
     6804: (1, 1),
     6818: (2, 127),
     6832: (2, 126),
     6846: (1, 125),
     6860: (0, 125),
     6874: (1, 0),
     6888: (1, 127),
     6902: (1, 126),
     6916: (1, 125),
     6930: (1, 126),
     6944: (1, 1),
     6958: (0, 127),
     6972: (1, 126),
     6986: (2, 126),
     7000: (1, 126),
     7014: (1, 2),
     7028: (1, 127),
     7042: (1, 126),
     7056: (0, 126),
     7070: (1, 0),
     7084: (2, 0),
     7098: (2, 127),
     7112: (1, 126),
     7126: (1, 126),
     7140: (1, 3),
     7154: (1, 127),
     7168: (1, 126),
     7182: (2, 127),
     7196: (0, 1),
     7210: (1, 127),
     7224: (1, 127),
     7238: (1, 126),
     7252: (1, 126),
     7266: (1, 3),
     7280: (2, 127),
     7294: (2, 127),
     7308: (1, 126),
     7322: (0, 0),
     7336: (1, 0),
     7350: (2, 127),
     7364: (2, 127),
     7378: (1, 126),
     7392: (0, 1),
     7406: (0, 125),
     7420: (1, 126),
     7434: (1, 126),
     7448: (2, 2),
     7462: (2, 126),
     7476: (2, 127),
     7490: (1, 125),
     7504: (1, 1),
     7518: (1, 127),
     7532: (2, 126),
     7546: (1, 127),
     7560: (1, 126),
     7574: (2, 2),
     7588: (1, 126),
     7602: (1, 125),
     7616: (2, 125),
     7630: (2, 1),
     7644: (1, 125),
     7658: (0, 125),
     7672: (1, 125),
     7686: (2, 1),
     7700: (2, 126),
     7714: (1, 125),
     7728: (1, 125),
     7742: (1, 2),
     7756: (1, 125),
     7770: (2, 125),
     7784: (2, 126),
     7798: (1, 2),
     7812: (1, 126),
     7826: (1, 125),
     7840: (1, 125),
     7854: (0, 1),
     7868: (0, 126),
     7882: (1, 126),
     7896: (0, 126),
     7910: (0, 1),
     7924: (1, 126),
     7938: (1, 126),
     7952: (1, 126),
     7966: (1, 127),
     7980: (1, 1),
     7994: (0, 126),
     8008: (0, 126),
     8022: (1, 127),
     8036: (1, 3),
     8050: (1, 127),
     8064: (1, 127),
     8078: (1, 126),
     8092: (1, 0),
     8106: (1, 127),
     8120: (2, 126),
     8134: (1, 125),
     8148: (1, 124),
     8162: (1, 127),
     8176: (1, 125),
     8190: (1, 125),
     8204: (0, 124),
     8218: (1, 1),
     8232: (2, 126),
     8246: (1, 125),
     8260: (1, 125),
     8274: (2, 127),
     8288: (2, 127),
     8302: (1, 126),
     8316: (1, 126),
     8330: (1, 125),
     8344: (2, 2),
     8358: (2, 127),
     8372: (2, 126),
     8386: (1, 126),
     8400: (1, 2),
     8414: (3, 127),
     8428: (3, 126),
     8442: (2, 125),
     8456: (1, 0),
     8470: (2, 0),
     8484: (2, 127),
     8498: (1, 127),
     8512: (1, 0),
     8526: (2, 0),
     8540: (1, 126),
     8554: (2, 127),
     8568: (2, 125),
     8582: (2, 1),
     8596: (1, 126),
     8610: (2, 125),
     8624: (2, 125),
     8638: (2, 2),
     8652: (1, 125),
     8666: (1, 124),
     8680: (1, 125),
     8694: (2, 2),
     8708: (2, 126),
     8722: (1, 125),
     8736: (0, 125),
     8750: (1, 2),
     8764: (2, 126),
     8778: (3, 125),
     8792: (2, 124),
     8806: (2, 0),
     8820: (3, 123),
     8834: (2, 124),
     8848: (2, 125),
     8862: (2, 1),
     8876: (2, 125),
     8890: (1, 125),
     8904: (1, 125),
     8918: (2, 1),
     8932: (3, 126),
     8946: (3, 126),
     8960: (3, 127),
     8974: (3, 0),
     8988: (1, 126),
     9002: (1, 125),
     9016: (2, 2),
     9030: (3, 127),
     9044: (2, 125),
     9058: (1, 124),
     9072: (1, 2),
     9086: (1, 126),
     9100: (1, 125),
     9114: (2, 127),
     9128: (2, 127),
     9142: (1, 125),
     9156: (1, 125),
     9170: (1, 1),
     9184: (2, 126),
     9198: (1, 125),
     9212: (1, 125),
     9226: (2, 3),
     9240: (1, 127),
     9254: (0, 125),
     9268: (1, 1),
     9282: (2, 0),
     9296: (1, 127),
     9310: (1, 127),
     9324: (0, 2),
     9338: (1, 127),
     9352: (1, 126),
     9366: (1, 127),
     9380: (2, 3),
     9394: (1, 127),
     9408: (0, 126),
     9422: (1, 2),
     9436: (2, 0),
     9450: (1, 126),
     9464: (2, 127),
     9478: (2, 4),
     9492: (1, 0),
     9506: (1, 127),
     9520: (1, 127),
     9534: (2, 1),
     9548: (2, 127),
     9562: (2, 126),
     9576: (1, 2),
     9590: (1, 126),
     9604: (1, 125),
     9618: (2, 126),
     9632: (2, 3),
     9646: (1, 127),
     9660: (1, 126),
     9674: (2, 127),
     9688: (2, 1),
     9702: (1, 126),
     9716: (2, 126),
     9730: (1, 2),
     9744: (1, 127),
     9758: (1, 126),
     9772: (1, 126),
     9786: (1, 3),
     9800: (1, 127),
     9814: (1, 126),
     9828: (1, 127),
     9842: (1, 0),
     9856: (1, 126),
     9870: (1, 126),
     9884: (2, 2),
     9898: (1, 0),
     9912: (1, 126),
     9926: (1, 126),
     9940: (1, 3),
     9954: (2, 0),
     9968: (2, 127),
     9982: (1, 126),
     9996: (0, 3),
     10010: (0, 127),
     10024: (1, 127),
     10038: (2, 127),
     10052: (1, 3),
     10066: (1, 127),
     10080: (1, 127),
     10094: (1, 127),
     10108: (1, 3),
     10122: (1, 126),
     10136: (1, 126),
     10150: (1, 127),
     10164: (1, 3),
     10178: (1, 126),
     10192: (1, 126),
     10206: (1, 126),
     10220: (2, 3),
     10234: (2, 127),
     10248: (0, 126),
     10262: (1, 127),
     10276: (1, 3),
     10290: (2, 0),
     10304: (1, 126),
     10318: (1, 126),
     10332: (1, 3),
     10346: (1, 127),
     10360: (1, 126),
     10374: (1, 126),
     10388: (1, 3),
     10402: (1, 127),
     10416: (1, 126),
     10430: (2, 127),
     10444: (2, 1),
     10458: (2, 126),
     10472: (3, 127),
     10486: (3, 0),
     10500: (2, 1),
     10514: (2, 127),
     10528: (1, 126),
     10542: (1, 0),
     10556: (2, 1),
     10570: (2, 127),
     10584: (1, 126),
     10598: (0, 1),
     10612: (2, 127),
     10626: (3, 126),
     10640: (2, 125),
     10654: (1, 0),
     10668: (2, 126),
     10682: (2, 125),
     10696: (1, 125),
     10710: (1, 0),
     10724: (1, 126),
     10738: (1, 126),
     10752: (1, 125),
     10766: (1, 127),
     10780: (2, 127),
     10794: (2, 124),
     10808: (2, 124),
     10822: (3, 0),
     10836: (3, 127),
     10850: (1, 126),
     10864: (1, 125),
     10878: (2, 1),
     10892: (2, 0),
     10906: (1, 126),
     10920: (1, 127),
     10934: (1, 1),
     10948: (1, 127),
     10962: (1, 127),
     10976: (1, 126),
     10990: (2, 2),
     11004: (1, 0),
     11018: (1, 127),
     11032: (1, 127),
     11046: (1, 1),
     11060: (1, 0),
     11074: (1, 127),
     11088: (1, 127),
     11102: (0, 1),
     11116: (1, 0),
     11130: (1, 126),
     11144: (1, 127),
     11158: (1, 0),
     11172: (2, 1),
     11186: (1, 127),
     11200: (0, 126),
     11214: (1, 0),
     11228: (3, 2),
     11242: (2, 127),
     11256: (1, 126),
     11270: (2, 2),
     11284: (3, 0),
     11298: (3, 127),
     11312: (2, 126),
     11326: (3, 2),
     11340: (2, 127),
     11354: (1, 127),
     11368: (1, 126),
     11382: (2, 4),
     11396: (1, 127),
     11410: (1, 126),
     11424: (2, 126),
     11438: (2, 3),
     11452: (1, 126),
     11466: (1, 125),
     11480: (1, 125),
     11494: (2, 2),
     11508: (1, 125),
     11522: (1, 125),
     11536: (0, 125),
     11550: (1, 3),
     11564: (1, 127),
     11578: (2, 126),
     11592: (1, 125),
     11606: (1, 1),
     11620: (1, 126),
     11634: (2, 126),
     11648: (1, 125),
     11662: (0, 0),
     11676: (2, 0),
     11690: (2, 126),
     11704: (1, 126),
     11718: (1, 125),
     11732: (1, 2),
     11746: (0, 126),
     11760: (1, 126),
     11774: (1, 125),
     11788: (0, 125),
     11802: (0, 1),
     11816: (2, 127),
     11830: (2, 127),
     11844: (1, 126),
     11858: (0, 126),
     11872: (2, 2),
     11886: (2, 127),
     11900: (1, 126),
     11914: (1, 125),
     11928: (1, 126),
     11942: (2, 2),
     11956: (1, 126),
     11970: (1, 126),
     11984: (1, 125),
     11998: (1, 126),
     12012: (1, 1),
     12026: (1, 126),
     12040: (1, 126),
     12054: (0, 126),
     12068: (1, 2),
     12082: (2, 127),
     12096: (1, 127),
     12110: (0, 126),
     12124: (1, 126),
     12138: (2, 2),
     12152: (2, 127),
     12166: (1, 126),
     12180: (1, 126),
     12194: (1, 1),
     12208: (1, 127),
     12222: (2, 127),
     12236: (2, 127),
     12250: (0, 126),
     12264: (1, 1),
     12278: (1, 127),
     12292: (1, 127),
     12306: (1, 126),
     12320: (2, 3),
     12334: (2, 127),
     12348: (1, 127),
     12362: (1, 127),
     12376: (1, 2),
     12390: (1, 127),
     12404: (2, 127),
     12418: (1, 126),
     12432: (1, 1),
     12446: (0, 127),
     12460: (1, 126),
     12474: (1, 126),
     12488: (1, 0),
     12502: (1, 1),
     12516: (1, 127),
     12530: (1, 127),
     12544: (1, 127),
     12558: (2, 3),
     12572: (2, 127),
     12586: (1, 126),
     12600: (1, 127),
     12614: (1, 2),
     12628: (2, 0),
     12642: (1, 127),
     12656: (0, 126),
     12670: (1, 126),
     12684: (2, 2),
     12698: (0, 127),
     12712: (0, 126),
     12726: (1, 126),
     12740: (1, 4),
     12754: (1, 127),
     12768: (1, 126),
     12782: (0, 126),
     12796: (1, 2),
     12810: (1, 127),
     12824: (2, 127),
     12838: (1, 127),
     12852: (0, 127),
     12866: (1, 1),
     12880: (2, 0),
     12894: (1, 127),
     12908: (1, 126),
     12922: (1, 2),
     12936: (1, 127),
     12950: (1, 127),
     12964: (0, 126),
     12978: (1, 2),
     12992: (1, 127),
     13006: (1, 126),
     13020: (1, 127),
     13034: (1, 1),
     13048: (1, 127),
     13062: (1, 126),
     13076: (2, 127),
     13090: (2, 0),
     13104: (2, 1),
     13118: (0, 127),
     13132: (1, 126),
     13146: (1, 127),
     13160: (1, 1),
     13174: (1, 126),
     13188: (1, 127),
     13202: (0, 126),
     13216: (1, 3),
     13230: (1, 127),
     13244: (1, 126),
     13258: (1, 126),
     13272: (1, 3),
     13286: (1, 127),
     13300: (1, 126),
     13314: (1, 125),
     13328: (1, 1),
     13342: (1, 127),
     13356: (1, 126),
     13370: (1, 127),
     13384: (0, 127),
     13398: (1, 1),
     13412: (1, 127),
     13426: (1, 127),
     13440: (0, 126),
     13454: (0, 2),
     13468: (0, 127),
     13482: (1, 127),
     13496: (1, 126),
     13510: (0, 2),
     13524: (0, 127),
     13538: (0, 126),
     13552: (1, 126),
     13566: (0, 126),
     13580: (1, 0),
     13594: (1, 126),
     13608: (0, 126),
     13622: (1, 126),
     13636: (1, 3),
     13650: (0, 127),
     13664: (0, 126),
     13678: (1, 127),
     13692: (1, 3),
     13706: (0, 127),
     13720: (0, 127),
     13734: (0, 127),
     13748: (1, 127),
     13762: (1, 0),
     13776: (1, 127),
     13790: (1, 127),
     13804: (0, 126),
     13818: (1, 3),
     13832: (1, 0),
     13846: (1, 127),
     13860: (1, 127),
     13874: (1, 127),
     13888: (1, 2),
     13902: (0, 127),
     13916: (1, 127),
     13930: (1, 127),
     13944: (1, 3),
     13958: (1, 127),
     13972: (1, 127),
     13986: (0, 126),
     ...}



.. code:: python3

    reg_info = sr.registration_info
    print(reg_info)
    print(reg_info.yx_shifts)
    
    f, axes = plt.subplots(1, len(reg_info.reference_frames), figsize=(10, 5))
    
    for i, x in enumerate(axes):
        x.axis("off")
        x.imshow(
            reg_info.reference_frames[i].squeeze()
        )


.. parsed-literal::

    RegistrationType.Suite2p RegistrationInfo for /Users/stephen/Desktop/Data/imaging/2024-05/2024-05-27/SS02255_greenCamui_alpha/Fly1/FB_1.siff
    {0: (5, 125), 14: (12, 9), 28: (12, 12), 42: (249, 118), 56: (255, 121), 70: (253, 123), 84: (248, 119), 98: (250, 118), 112: (249, 117), 126: (243, 5), 140: (248, 118), 154: (9, 12), 168: (243, 6), 182: (1, 122), 196: (248, 118), 210: (252, 119), 224: (250, 118), 238: (6, 1), 252: (1, 124), 266: (244, 6), 280: (0, 125), 294: (244, 7), 308: (249, 118), 322: (250, 118), 336: (243, 5), 350: (6, 127), 364: (243, 9), 378: (2, 126), 392: (249, 119), 406: (0, 124), 420: (12, 11), 434: (244, 7), 448: (247, 118), 462: (3, 124), 476: (10, 11), 490: (0, 124), 504: (1, 123), 518: (1, 122), 532: (2, 123), 546: (5, 1), 560: (5, 127), 574: (4, 123), 588: (0, 124), 602: (254, 125), 616: (248, 122), 630: (4, 127), 644: (2, 121), 658: (10, 7), 672: (251, 119), 686: (249, 119), 700: (0, 127), 714: (0, 125), 728: (5, 125), 742: (254, 124), 756: (6, 126), 770: (1, 127), 784: (1, 125), 798: (0, 124), 812: (255, 124), 826: (1, 125), 840: (1, 0), 854: (0, 124), 868: (1, 124), 882: (2, 124), 896: (0, 124), 910: (0, 0), 924: (0, 125), 938: (1, 125), 952: (1, 125), 966: (1, 125), 980: (1, 0), 994: (0, 125), 1008: (1, 125), 1022: (2, 125), 1036: (2, 125), 1050: (0, 126), 1064: (1, 125), 1078: (2, 125), 1092: (1, 125), 1106: (1, 125), 1120: (1, 124), 1134: (1, 0), 1148: (1, 125), 1162: (1, 125), 1176: (1, 125), 1190: (1, 126), 1204: (1, 0), 1218: (2, 126), 1232: (2, 126), 1246: (1, 125), 1260: (1, 0), 1274: (2, 127), 1288: (2, 126), 1302: (1, 125), 1316: (1, 126), 1330: (2, 3), 1344: (1, 126), 1358: (2, 126), 1372: (2, 126), 1386: (1, 0), 1400: (1, 125), 1414: (2, 125), 1428: (3, 125), 1442: (2, 125), 1456: (1, 0), 1470: (1, 126), 1484: (2, 125), 1498: (2, 125), 1512: (2, 1), 1526: (2, 124), 1540: (2, 124), 1554: (2, 124), 1568: (2, 125), 1582: (2, 0), 1596: (1, 125), 1610: (1, 125), 1624: (2, 125), 1638: (2, 0), 1652: (1, 126), 1666: (1, 125), 1680: (2, 125), 1694: (2, 126), 1708: (1, 0), 1722: (1, 125), 1736: (1, 125), 1750: (1, 125), 1764: (2, 1), 1778: (2, 126), 1792: (1, 126), 1806: (1, 126), 1820: (1, 2), 1834: (2, 127), 1848: (1, 126), 1862: (1, 126), 1876: (2, 127), 1890: (2, 0), 1904: (0, 125), 1918: (1, 126), 1932: (2, 127), 1946: (2, 1), 1960: (1, 127), 1974: (1, 126), 1988: (1, 126), 2002: (1, 2), 2016: (2, 127), 2030: (2, 127), 2044: (1, 126), 2058: (0, 1), 2072: (1, 127), 2086: (2, 127), 2100: (1, 127), 2114: (1, 127), 2128: (2, 0), 2142: (1, 127), 2156: (1, 126), 2170: (1, 126), 2184: (2, 3), 2198: (2, 127), 2212: (1, 126), 2226: (2, 126), 2240: (1, 127), 2254: (1, 125), 2268: (1, 125), 2282: (2, 126), 2296: (2, 126), 2310: (2, 1), 2324: (1, 126), 2338: (1, 126), 2352: (1, 126), 2366: (2, 3), 2380: (2, 127), 2394: (1, 126), 2408: (0, 125), 2422: (1, 126), 2436: (2, 1), 2450: (2, 127), 2464: (1, 126), 2478: (2, 125), 2492: (2, 1), 2506: (2, 127), 2520: (2, 125), 2534: (2, 124), 2548: (2, 124), 2562: (3, 127), 2576: (3, 125), 2590: (2, 124), 2604: (1, 124), 2618: (2, 1), 2632: (3, 127), 2646: (1, 125), 2660: (1, 125), 2674: (2, 1), 2688: (2, 127), 2702: (1, 126), 2716: (1, 126), 2730: (2, 127), 2744: (1, 126), 2758: (1, 126), 2772: (2, 126), 2786: (2, 126), 2800: (1, 1), 2814: (1, 126), 2828: (2, 126), 2842: (1, 126), 2856: (1, 2), 2870: (2, 126), 2884: (2, 126), 2898: (2, 126), 2912: (1, 125), 2926: (1, 1), 2940: (1, 126), 2954: (2, 125), 2968: (1, 125), 2982: (2, 2), 2996: (1, 127), 3010: (0, 126), 3024: (1, 126), 3038: (2, 2), 3052: (2, 127), 3066: (2, 125), 3080: (2, 124), 3094: (2, 127), 3108: (2, 126), 3122: (2, 125), 3136: (2, 124), 3150: (1, 0), 3164: (1, 126), 3178: (2, 126), 3192: (1, 125), 3206: (1, 125), 3220: (2, 1), 3234: (3, 126), 3248: (1, 125), 3262: (1, 125), 3276: (2, 2), 3290: (2, 126), 3304: (2, 126), 3318: (1, 125), 3332: (1, 2), 3346: (1, 127), 3360: (1, 126), 3374: (2, 126), 3388: (1, 2), 3402: (1, 126), 3416: (2, 125), 3430: (2, 125), 3444: (1, 127), 3458: (1, 125), 3472: (2, 125), 3486: (3, 125), 3500: (2, 126), 3514: (2, 0), 3528: (2, 126), 3542: (3, 126), 3556: (2, 126), 3570: (2, 1), 3584: (2, 126), 3598: (1, 125), 3612: (2, 126), 3626: (2, 2), 3640: (2, 127), 3654: (2, 126), 3668: (2, 125), 3682: (2, 126), 3696: (3, 127), 3710: (2, 126), 3724: (3, 125), 3738: (4, 125), 3752: (3, 1), 3766: (2, 125), 3780: (2, 125), 3794: (1, 124), 3808: (2, 1), 3822: (2, 125), 3836: (2, 125), 3850: (1, 124), 3864: (0, 1), 3878: (1, 126), 3892: (2, 126), 3906: (2, 126), 3920: (1, 0), 3934: (1, 126), 3948: (1, 126), 3962: (2, 125), 3976: (3, 125), 3990: (2, 1), 4004: (3, 127), 4018: (3, 126), 4032: (3, 126), 4046: (1, 1), 4060: (2, 126), 4074: (2, 126), 4088: (2, 126), 4102: (1, 2), 4116: (1, 127), 4130: (1, 126), 4144: (1, 126), 4158: (2, 1), 4172: (3, 126), 4186: (2, 126), 4200: (1, 124), 4214: (2, 125), 4228: (3, 1), 4242: (2, 126), 4256: (1, 125), 4270: (1, 125), 4284: (2, 1), 4298: (1, 126), 4312: (1, 125), 4326: (1, 126), 4340: (1, 126), 4354: (2, 0), 4368: (2, 126), 4382: (1, 125), 4396: (1, 124), 4410: (2, 1), 4424: (2, 126), 4438: (1, 125), 4452: (1, 125), 4466: (1, 0), 4480: (2, 127), 4494: (1, 126), 4508: (1, 125), 4522: (1, 126), 4536: (1, 127), 4550: (1, 125), 4564: (1, 125), 4578: (2, 125), 4592: (1, 1), 4606: (1, 126), 4620: (2, 125), 4634: (2, 125), 4648: (2, 125), 4662: (2, 125), 4676: (2, 125), 4690: (1, 0), 4704: (1, 126), 4718: (2, 126), 4732: (3, 126), 4746: (1, 125), 4760: (2, 126), 4774: (2, 1), 4788: (1, 126), 4802: (1, 126), 4816: (2, 126), 4830: (2, 125), 4844: (1, 125), 4858: (1, 127), 4872: (2, 125), 4886: (4, 125), 4900: (3, 124), 4914: (2, 124), 4928: (4, 1), 4942: (3, 124), 4956: (2, 125), 4970: (2, 124), 4984: (2, 126), 4998: (1, 127), 5012: (1, 125), 5026: (2, 125), 5040: (2, 125), 5054: (1, 0), 5068: (2, 126), 5082: (2, 126), 5096: (2, 125), 5110: (2, 126), 5124: (2, 0), 5138: (2, 125), 5152: (2, 125), 5166: (2, 125), 5180: (2, 1), 5194: (2, 126), 5208: (2, 126), 5222: (3, 125), 5236: (3, 124), 5250: (2, 127), 5264: (2, 125), 5278: (1, 125), 5292: (1, 125), 5306: (3, 0), 5320: (2, 127), 5334: (1, 125), 5348: (1, 125), 5362: (2, 125), 5376: (2, 0), 5390: (1, 125), 5404: (2, 124), 5418: (2, 125), 5432: (2, 127), 5446: (1, 124), 5460: (1, 123), 5474: (2, 124), 5488: (3, 124), 5502: (2, 0), 5516: (1, 125), 5530: (1, 125), 5544: (1, 125), 5558: (2, 127), 5572: (2, 0), 5586: (2, 126), 5600: (0, 126), 5614: (1, 125), 5628: (2, 2), 5642: (3, 125), 5656: (3, 125), 5670: (2, 123), 5684: (2, 124), 5698: (2, 0), 5712: (1, 125), 5726: (1, 125), 5740: (2, 125), 5754: (2, 1), 5768: (2, 126), 5782: (1, 126), 5796: (1, 125), 5810: (2, 126), 5824: (3, 127), 5838: (2, 125), 5852: (2, 125), 5866: (1, 125), 5880: (2, 2), 5894: (2, 126), 5908: (2, 126), 5922: (1, 125), 5936: (1, 126), 5950: (1, 0), 5964: (1, 127), 5978: (1, 125), 5992: (2, 126), 6006: (1, 2), 6020: (1, 127), 6034: (1, 126), 6048: (1, 126), 6062: (1, 126), 6076: (2, 1), 6090: (2, 127), 6104: (1, 126), 6118: (1, 126), 6132: (1, 3), 6146: (1, 127), 6160: (1, 127), 6174: (1, 126), 6188: (0, 1), 6202: (0, 127), 6216: (2, 127), 6230: (2, 126), 6244: (1, 126), 6258: (1, 127), 6272: (2, 124), 6286: (2, 125), 6300: (1, 125), 6314: (1, 0), 6328: (2, 127), 6342: (1, 126), 6356: (0, 126), 6370: (1, 126), 6384: (2, 0), 6398: (1, 126), 6412: (2, 127), 6426: (2, 126), 6440: (2, 3), 6454: (2, 126), 6468: (1, 125), 6482: (2, 125), 6496: (2, 1), 6510: (2, 126), 6524: (2, 125), 6538: (1, 125), 6552: (1, 126), 6566: (2, 1), 6580: (3, 127), 6594: (2, 126), 6608: (1, 126), 6622: (2, 2), 6636: (2, 127), 6650: (2, 126), 6664: (1, 125), 6678: (2, 1), 6692: (2, 127), 6706: (1, 125), 6720: (1, 125), 6734: (1, 127), 6748: (2, 127), 6762: (2, 126), 6776: (1, 126), 6790: (0, 125), 6804: (1, 1), 6818: (2, 127), 6832: (2, 126), 6846: (1, 125), 6860: (0, 125), 6874: (1, 0), 6888: (1, 127), 6902: (1, 126), 6916: (1, 125), 6930: (1, 126), 6944: (1, 1), 6958: (0, 127), 6972: (1, 126), 6986: (2, 126), 7000: (1, 126), 7014: (1, 2), 7028: (1, 127), 7042: (1, 126), 7056: (0, 126), 7070: (1, 0), 7084: (2, 0), 7098: (2, 127), 7112: (1, 126), 7126: (1, 126), 7140: (1, 3), 7154: (1, 127), 7168: (1, 126), 7182: (2, 127), 7196: (0, 1), 7210: (1, 127), 7224: (1, 127), 7238: (1, 126), 7252: (1, 126), 7266: (1, 3), 7280: (2, 127), 7294: (2, 127), 7308: (1, 126), 7322: (0, 0), 7336: (1, 0), 7350: (2, 127), 7364: (2, 127), 7378: (1, 126), 7392: (0, 1), 7406: (0, 125), 7420: (1, 126), 7434: (1, 126), 7448: (2, 2), 7462: (2, 126), 7476: (2, 127), 7490: (1, 125), 7504: (1, 1), 7518: (1, 127), 7532: (2, 126), 7546: (1, 127), 7560: (1, 126), 7574: (2, 2), 7588: (1, 126), 7602: (1, 125), 7616: (2, 125), 7630: (2, 1), 7644: (1, 125), 7658: (0, 125), 7672: (1, 125), 7686: (2, 1), 7700: (2, 126), 7714: (1, 125), 7728: (1, 125), 7742: (1, 2), 7756: (1, 125), 7770: (2, 125), 7784: (2, 126), 7798: (1, 2), 7812: (1, 126), 7826: (1, 125), 7840: (1, 125), 7854: (0, 1), 7868: (0, 126), 7882: (1, 126), 7896: (0, 126), 7910: (0, 1), 7924: (1, 126), 7938: (1, 126), 7952: (1, 126), 7966: (1, 127), 7980: (1, 1), 7994: (0, 126), 8008: (0, 126), 8022: (1, 127), 8036: (1, 3), 8050: (1, 127), 8064: (1, 127), 8078: (1, 126), 8092: (1, 0), 8106: (1, 127), 8120: (2, 126), 8134: (1, 125), 8148: (1, 124), 8162: (1, 127), 8176: (1, 125), 8190: (1, 125), 8204: (0, 124), 8218: (1, 1), 8232: (2, 126), 8246: (1, 125), 8260: (1, 125), 8274: (2, 127), 8288: (2, 127), 8302: (1, 126), 8316: (1, 126), 8330: (1, 125), 8344: (2, 2), 8358: (2, 127), 8372: (2, 126), 8386: (1, 126), 8400: (1, 2), 8414: (3, 127), 8428: (3, 126), 8442: (2, 125), 8456: (1, 0), 8470: (2, 0), 8484: (2, 127), 8498: (1, 127), 8512: (1, 0), 8526: (2, 0), 8540: (1, 126), 8554: (2, 127), 8568: (2, 125), 8582: (2, 1), 8596: (1, 126), 8610: (2, 125), 8624: (2, 125), 8638: (2, 2), 8652: (1, 125), 8666: (1, 124), 8680: (1, 125), 8694: (2, 2), 8708: (2, 126), 8722: (1, 125), 8736: (0, 125), 8750: (1, 2), 8764: (2, 126), 8778: (3, 125), 8792: (2, 124), 8806: (2, 0), 8820: (3, 123), 8834: (2, 124), 8848: (2, 125), 8862: (2, 1), 8876: (2, 125), 8890: (1, 125), 8904: (1, 125), 8918: (2, 1), 8932: (3, 126), 8946: (3, 126), 8960: (3, 127), 8974: (3, 0), 8988: (1, 126), 9002: (1, 125), 9016: (2, 2), 9030: (3, 127), 9044: (2, 125), 9058: (1, 124), 9072: (1, 2), 9086: (1, 126), 9100: (1, 125), 9114: (2, 127), 9128: (2, 127), 9142: (1, 125), 9156: (1, 125), 9170: (1, 1), 9184: (2, 126), 9198: (1, 125), 9212: (1, 125), 9226: (2, 3), 9240: (1, 127), 9254: (0, 125), 9268: (1, 1), 9282: (2, 0), 9296: (1, 127), 9310: (1, 127), 9324: (0, 2), 9338: (1, 127), 9352: (1, 126), 9366: (1, 127), 9380: (2, 3), 9394: (1, 127), 9408: (0, 126), 9422: (1, 2), 9436: (2, 0), 9450: (1, 126), 9464: (2, 127), 9478: (2, 4), 9492: (1, 0), 9506: (1, 127), 9520: (1, 127), 9534: (2, 1), 9548: (2, 127), 9562: (2, 126), 9576: (1, 2), 9590: (1, 126), 9604: (1, 125), 9618: (2, 126), 9632: (2, 3), 9646: (1, 127), 9660: (1, 126), 9674: (2, 127), 9688: (2, 1), 9702: (1, 126), 9716: (2, 126), 9730: (1, 2), 9744: (1, 127), 9758: (1, 126), 9772: (1, 126), 9786: (1, 3), 9800: (1, 127), 9814: (1, 126), 9828: (1, 127), 9842: (1, 0), 9856: (1, 126), 9870: (1, 126), 9884: (2, 2), 9898: (1, 0), 9912: (1, 126), 9926: (1, 126), 9940: (1, 3), 9954: (2, 0), 9968: (2, 127), 9982: (1, 126), 9996: (0, 3), 10010: (0, 127), 10024: (1, 127), 10038: (2, 127), 10052: (1, 3), 10066: (1, 127), 10080: (1, 127), 10094: (1, 127), 10108: (1, 3), 10122: (1, 126), 10136: (1, 126), 10150: (1, 127), 10164: (1, 3), 10178: (1, 126), 10192: (1, 126), 10206: (1, 126), 10220: (2, 3), 10234: (2, 127), 10248: (0, 126), 10262: (1, 127), 10276: (1, 3), 10290: (2, 0), 10304: (1, 126), 10318: (1, 126), 10332: (1, 3), 10346: (1, 127), 10360: (1, 126), 10374: (1, 126), 10388: (1, 3), 10402: (1, 127), 10416: (1, 126), 10430: (2, 127), 10444: (2, 1), 10458: (2, 126), 10472: (3, 127), 10486: (3, 0), 10500: (2, 1), 10514: (2, 127), 10528: (1, 126), 10542: (1, 0), 10556: (2, 1), 10570: (2, 127), 10584: (1, 126), 10598: (0, 1), 10612: (2, 127), 10626: (3, 126), 10640: (2, 125), 10654: (1, 0), 10668: (2, 126), 10682: (2, 125), 10696: (1, 125), 10710: (1, 0), 10724: (1, 126), 10738: (1, 126), 10752: (1, 125), 10766: (1, 127), 10780: (2, 127), 10794: (2, 124), 10808: (2, 124), 10822: (3, 0), 10836: (3, 127), 10850: (1, 126), 10864: (1, 125), 10878: (2, 1), 10892: (2, 0), 10906: (1, 126), 10920: (1, 127), 10934: (1, 1), 10948: (1, 127), 10962: (1, 127), 10976: (1, 126), 10990: (2, 2), 11004: (1, 0), 11018: (1, 127), 11032: (1, 127), 11046: (1, 1), 11060: (1, 0), 11074: (1, 127), 11088: (1, 127), 11102: (0, 1), 11116: (1, 0), 11130: (1, 126), 11144: (1, 127), 11158: (1, 0), 11172: (2, 1), 11186: (1, 127), 11200: (0, 126), 11214: (1, 0), 11228: (3, 2), 11242: (2, 127), 11256: (1, 126), 11270: (2, 2), 11284: (3, 0), 11298: (3, 127), 11312: (2, 126), 11326: (3, 2), 11340: (2, 127), 11354: (1, 127), 11368: (1, 126), 11382: (2, 4), 11396: (1, 127), 11410: (1, 126), 11424: (2, 126), 11438: (2, 3), 11452: (1, 126), 11466: (1, 125), 11480: (1, 125), 11494: (2, 2), 11508: (1, 125), 11522: (1, 125), 11536: (0, 125), 11550: (1, 3), 11564: (1, 127), 11578: (2, 126), 11592: (1, 125), 11606: (1, 1), 11620: (1, 126), 11634: (2, 126), 11648: (1, 125), 11662: (0, 0), 11676: (2, 0), 11690: (2, 126), 11704: (1, 126), 11718: (1, 125), 11732: (1, 2), 11746: (0, 126), 11760: (1, 126), 11774: (1, 125), 11788: (0, 125), 11802: (0, 1), 11816: (2, 127), 11830: (2, 127), 11844: (1, 126), 11858: (0, 126), 11872: (2, 2), 11886: (2, 127), 11900: (1, 126), 11914: (1, 125), 11928: (1, 126), 11942: (2, 2), 11956: (1, 126), 11970: (1, 126), 11984: (1, 125), 11998: (1, 126), 12012: (1, 1), 12026: (1, 126), 12040: (1, 126), 12054: (0, 126), 12068: (1, 2), 12082: (2, 127), 12096: (1, 127), 12110: (0, 126), 12124: (1, 126), 12138: (2, 2), 12152: (2, 127), 12166: (1, 126), 12180: (1, 126), 12194: (1, 1), 12208: (1, 127), 12222: (2, 127), 12236: (2, 127), 12250: (0, 126), 12264: (1, 1), 12278: (1, 127), 12292: (1, 127), 12306: (1, 126), 12320: (2, 3), 12334: (2, 127), 12348: (1, 127), 12362: (1, 127), 12376: (1, 2), 12390: (1, 127), 12404: (2, 127), 12418: (1, 126), 12432: (1, 1), 12446: (0, 127), 12460: (1, 126), 12474: (1, 126), 12488: (1, 0), 12502: (1, 1), 12516: (1, 127), 12530: (1, 127), 12544: (1, 127), 12558: (2, 3), 12572: (2, 127), 12586: (1, 126), 12600: (1, 127), 12614: (1, 2), 12628: (2, 0), 12642: (1, 127), 12656: (0, 126), 12670: (1, 126), 12684: (2, 2), 12698: (0, 127), 12712: (0, 126), 12726: (1, 126), 12740: (1, 4), 12754: (1, 127), 12768: (1, 126), 12782: (0, 126), 12796: (1, 2), 12810: (1, 127), 12824: (2, 127), 12838: (1, 127), 12852: (0, 127), 12866: (1, 1), 12880: (2, 0), 12894: (1, 127), 12908: (1, 126), 12922: (1, 2), 12936: (1, 127), 12950: (1, 127), 12964: (0, 126), 12978: (1, 2), 12992: (1, 127), 13006: (1, 126), 13020: (1, 127), 13034: (1, 1), 13048: (1, 127), 13062: (1, 126), 13076: (2, 127), 13090: (2, 0), 13104: (2, 1), 13118: (0, 127), 13132: (1, 126), 13146: (1, 127), 13160: (1, 1), 13174: (1, 126), 13188: (1, 127), 13202: (0, 126), 13216: (1, 3), 13230: (1, 127), 13244: (1, 126), 13258: (1, 126), 13272: (1, 3), 13286: (1, 127), 13300: (1, 126), 13314: (1, 125), 13328: (1, 1), 13342: (1, 127), 13356: (1, 126), 13370: (1, 127), 13384: (0, 127), 13398: (1, 1), 13412: (1, 127), 13426: (1, 127), 13440: (0, 126), 13454: (0, 2), 13468: (0, 127), 13482: (1, 127), 13496: (1, 126), 13510: (0, 2), 13524: (0, 127), 13538: (0, 126), 13552: (1, 126), 13566: (0, 126), 13580: (1, 0), 13594: (1, 126), 13608: (0, 126), 13622: (1, 126), 13636: (1, 3), 13650: (0, 127), 13664: (0, 126), 13678: (1, 127), 13692: (1, 3), 13706: (0, 127), 13720: (0, 127), 13734: (0, 127), 13748: (1, 127), 13762: (1, 0), 13776: (1, 127), 13790: (1, 127), 13804: (0, 126), 13818: (1, 3), 13832: (1, 0), 13846: (1, 127), 13860: (1, 127), 13874: (1, 127), 13888: (1, 2), 13902: (0, 127), 13916: (1, 127), 13930: (1, 127), 13944: (1, 3), 13958: (1, 127), 13972: (1, 127), 13986: (0, 126), 14000: (0, 127), 14014: (1, 3), 14028: (1, 127), 14042: (1, 127), 14056: (0, 126), 14070: (0, 2), 14084: (2, 0), 14098: (2, 0), 14112: (0, 126), 14126: (0, 126), 14140: (0, 3), 14154: (0, 126), 14168: (1, 126), 14182: (1, 127), 14196: (1, 1), 14210: (1, 0), 14224: (2, 127), 14238: (2, 126), 14252: (2, 0), 14266: (2, 2), 14280: (2, 127), 14294: (2, 127), 14308: (0, 126), 14322: (1, 3), 14336: (1, 127), 14350: (1, 127), 14364: (1, 126), 14378: (1, 1), 14392: (1, 0), 14406: (1, 127), 14420: (1, 126), 14434: (2, 126), 14448: (1, 2), 14462: (1, 127), 14476: (1, 127), 14490: (1, 126), 14504: (1, 3), 14518: (1, 127), 14532: (1, 126), 14546: (1, 126), 14560: (1, 2), 14574: (1, 127), 14588: (1, 126), 14602: (1, 126), 14616: (1, 0), 14630: (2, 0), 14644: (1, 126), 14658: (0, 125), 14672: (1, 126), 14686: (2, 1), 14700: (1, 126), 14714: (0, 125), 14728: (0, 125), 14742: (1, 127), 14756: (1, 0), 14770: (1, 126), 14784: (2, 126), 14798: (1, 126), 14812: (1, 1), 14826: (2, 127), 14840: (1, 127), 14854: (0, 126), 14868: (0, 126), 14882: (2, 2), 14896: (1, 127), 14910: (0, 126), 14924: (0, 126), 14938: (1, 1), 14952: (2, 0), 14966: (1, 127), 14980: (1, 126), 14994: (1, 126), 15008: (1, 2), 15022: (2, 127), 15036: (2, 0), 15050: (1, 127), 15064: (0, 126), 15078: (0, 126), 15092: (1, 3), 15106: (1, 127), 15120: (0, 126), 15134: (1, 127), 15148: (1, 127), 15162: (1, 3), 15176: (1, 127), 15190: (1, 127), 15204: (1, 127), 15218: (1, 127), 15232: (2, 1), 15246: (1, 127), 15260: (0, 126), 15274: (1, 126), 15288: (2, 3), 15302: (1, 127), 15316: (0, 126), 15330: (1, 125), 15344: (1, 126), 15358: (2, 3), 15372: (1, 127), 15386: (1, 126), 15400: (0, 126), 15414: (1, 2), 15428: (1, 126), 15442: (1, 126), 15456: (0, 125), 15470: (0, 125), 15484: (2, 2), 15498: (1, 127), 15512: (1, 127), 15526: (1, 127), 15540: (1, 3), 15554: (1, 0), 15568: (1, 127), 15582: (1, 126), 15596: (1, 1), 15610: (1, 127), 15624: (2, 127), 15638: (2, 126), 15652: (1, 126), 15666: (1, 0), 15680: (2, 126), 15694: (2, 127), 15708: (2, 126), 15722: (1, 2), 15736: (1, 127), 15750: (2, 127), 15764: (2, 127), 15778: (1, 127), 15792: (2, 1), 15806: (1, 126), 15820: (1, 127), 15834: (1, 127), 15848: (1, 2), 15862: (2, 0), 15876: (2, 127), 15890: (3, 126), 15904: (3, 126), 15918: (2, 1), 15932: (3, 126), 15946: (4, 126), 15960: (4, 126), 15974: (3, 1), 15988: (2, 125), 16002: (2, 126), 16016: (2, 126), 16030: (2, 0), 16044: (2, 0), 16058: (1, 127), 16072: (1, 126), 16086: (2, 126), 16100: (2, 2), 16114: (2, 126), 16128: (2, 126), 16142: (2, 126), 16156: (1, 2), 16170: (1, 127), 16184: (1, 126), 16198: (2, 126), 16212: (2, 0), 16226: (2, 0), 16240: (1, 126), 16254: (1, 126), 16268: (1, 125), 16282: (2, 2), 16296: (2, 127), 16310: (1, 126), 16324: (1, 126), 16338: (2, 1), 16352: (3, 0), 16366: (2, 127), 16380: (2, 126), 16394: (2, 126), 16408: (2, 2), 16422: (3, 127), 16436: (3, 126), 16450: (2, 126), 16464: (2, 127), 16478: (3, 127), 16492: (3, 126), 16506: (2, 125), 16520: (1, 126), 16534: (3, 3), 16548: (2, 127), 16562: (2, 127), 16576: (1, 126), 16590: (2, 127), 16604: (3, 0), 16618: (3, 127), 16632: (3, 127), 16646: (3, 127), 16660: (2, 1), 16674: (2, 127), 16688: (3, 125), 16702: (3, 126), 16716: (2, 126), 16730: (2, 2), 16744: (2, 127), 16758: (2, 127), 16772: (2, 126), 16786: (2, 3), 16800: (2, 127), 16814: (2, 126), 16828: (2, 126), 16842: (2, 1), 16856: (1, 127), 16870: (1, 126), 16884: (2, 126), 16898: (2, 0), 16912: (1, 0), 16926: (1, 126), 16940: (2, 127), 16954: (2, 127), 16968: (2, 3), 16982: (1, 127), 16996: (1, 126), 17010: (1, 126), 17024: (2, 3), 17038: (2, 127), 17052: (1, 126), 17066: (0, 126), 17080: (1, 126), 17094: (2, 0), 17108: (1, 127), 17122: (1, 127), 17136: (2, 127), 17150: (2, 127), 17164: (1, 2), 17178: (1, 127), 17192: (2, 127), 17206: (2, 127), 17220: (2, 127), 17234: (3, 3), 17248: (3, 127), 17262: (2, 127), 17276: (2, 126), 17290: (4, 2), 17304: (3, 1), 17318: (2, 126), 17332: (3, 126), 17346: (2, 126), 17360: (2, 1), 17374: (2, 125), 17388: (2, 125), 17402: (2, 126), 17416: (2, 1), 17430: (2, 127), 17444: (2, 126), 17458: (2, 126), 17472: (2, 126), 17486: (2, 1), 17500: (2, 126), 17514: (1, 125), 17528: (1, 125), 17542: (2, 2), 17556: (3, 126), 17570: (2, 125), 17584: (1, 124), 17598: (1, 126), 17612: (1, 0), 17626: (2, 126), 17640: (2, 126), 17654: (1, 126), 17668: (1, 1), 17682: (2, 127), 17696: (2, 127), 17710: (2, 127), 17724: (1, 3), 17738: (1, 0), 17752: (2, 127), 17766: (1, 127), 17780: (1, 2), 17794: (2, 0), 17808: (2, 127), 17822: (1, 127), 17836: (2, 127), 17850: (1, 1), 17864: (1, 127), 17878: (1, 127), 17892: (2, 127), 17906: (1, 4), 17920: (0, 127), 17934: (1, 127), 17948: (2, 127), 17962: (1, 2), 17976: (0, 127), 17990: (2, 127), 18004: (2, 127), 18018: (1, 0), 18032: (1, 2), 18046: (2, 0), 18060: (2, 126), 18074: (2, 126), 18088: (3, 2), 18102: (3, 0), 18116: (2, 127), 18130: (2, 127), 18144: (2, 0), 18158: (3, 1), 18172: (2, 127), 18186: (1, 127), 18200: (1, 127), 18214: (2, 2), 18228: (2, 0), 18242: (2, 127), 18256: (1, 127), 18270: (1, 3), 18284: (2, 0), 18298: (2, 127), 18312: (2, 127), 18326: (1, 1), 18340: (2, 0), 18354: (2, 127), 18368: (1, 126), 18382: (1, 126), 18396: (2, 4), 18410: (2, 127), 18424: (2, 126), 18438: (1, 126), 18452: (0, 2), 18466: (0, 127), 18480: (1, 126), 18494: (2, 127), 18508: (2, 0), 18522: (1, 127), 18536: (1, 126), 18550: (2, 126), 18564: (2, 126), 18578: (2, 0), 18592: (2, 126), 18606: (2, 127), 18620: (2, 126), 18634: (2, 3), 18648: (2, 127), 18662: (2, 127), 18676: (2, 127), 18690: (2, 3), 18704: (2, 127), 18718: (1, 126), 18732: (1, 125), 18746: (2, 127), 18760: (2, 127), 18774: (1, 125), 18788: (1, 125), 18802: (2, 126), 18816: (1, 3), 18830: (1, 127), 18844: (1, 126), 18858: (1, 126), 18872: (1, 126), 18886: (2, 1), 18900: (2, 127), 18914: (0, 126), 18928: (0, 126), 18942: (1, 1), 18956: (1, 0), 18970: (0, 126), 18984: (0, 126), 18998: (1, 126), 19012: (1, 127), 19026: (1, 1), 19040: (1, 127), 19054: (1, 127), 19068: (1, 127), 19082: (2, 0), 19096: (3, 127), 19110: (2, 0), 19124: (1, 126), 19138: (2, 127), 19152: (2, 1), 19166: (2, 1), 19180: (1, 0), 19194: (1, 127), 19208: (1, 127), 19222: (1, 4), 19236: (1, 127), 19250: (2, 127), 19264: (1, 0), 19278: (1, 127), 19292: (2, 3), 19306: (2, 0), 19320: (1, 0), 19334: (1, 127), 19348: (1, 1), 19362: (1, 1), 19376: (0, 0), 19390: (1, 127), 19404: (2, 127), 19418: (2, 4), 19432: (2, 0), 19446: (1, 127), 19460: (1, 127), 19474: (2, 127), 19488: (3, 2), 19502: (3, 0), 19516: (2, 127), 19530: (2, 125), 19544: (2, 2), 19558: (3, 127), 19572: (2, 126), 19586: (1, 126), 19600: (2, 3), 19614: (2, 0), 19628: (1, 127), 19642: (1, 126), 19656: (1, 0), 19670: (2, 0), 19684: (1, 126), 19698: (1, 125), 19712: (0, 126), 19726: (0, 3), 19740: (1, 127), 19754: (1, 127), 19768: (1, 127), 19782: (0, 2), 19796: (0, 127), 19810: (1, 126), 19824: (1, 126), 19838: (2, 1), 19852: (2, 0), 19866: (1, 127), 19880: (0, 127), 19894: (1, 127), 19908: (2, 1), 19922: (1, 127), 19936: (1, 127), 19950: (1, 127), 19964: (1, 3), 19978: (1, 127), 19992: (1, 127), 20006: (1, 127), 20020: (1, 3), 20034: (1, 127), 20048: (0, 126), 20062: (1, 126), 20076: (1, 127), 20090: (2, 1), 20104: (1, 127), 20118: (0, 126), 20132: (0, 126), 20146: (1, 3), 20160: (1, 127), 20174: (1, 126), 20188: (0, 126), 20202: (1, 2), 20216: (0, 127), 20230: (0, 127), 20244: (0, 126), 20258: (1, 2), 20272: (1, 127), 20286: (2, 127), 20300: (2, 127), 20314: (1, 2), 20328: (1, 127), 20342: (1, 127), 20356: (2, 127), 20370: (1, 1), 20384: (0, 0), 20398: (1, 0), 20412: (2, 0), 20426: (1, 1), 20440: (0, 1), 20454: (1, 127), 20468: (1, 0), 20482: (2, 0), 20496: (2, 4), 20510: (1, 0), 20524: (1, 0), 20538: (0, 127), 20552: (1, 4), 20566: (1, 1), 20580: (0, 127), 20594: (1, 127), 20608: (1, 2), 20622: (1, 1), 20636: (0, 127), 20650: (0, 127), 20664: (1, 0), 20678: (2, 2), 20692: (1, 0), 20706: (0, 127), 20720: (0, 126), 20734: (0, 4), 20748: (2, 1), 20762: (1, 0), 20776: (1, 0), 20790: (0, 3), 20804: (1, 0), 20818: (1, 0), 20832: (1, 0), 20846: (1, 2), 20860: (1, 1), 20874: (0, 0), 20888: (0, 0), 20902: (0, 0), 20916: (1, 2), 20930: (1, 0), 20944: (0, 127), 20958: (1, 127), 20972: (0, 3), 20986: (255, 127), 21000: (0, 127), 21014: (1, 127), 21028: (1, 4), 21042: (0, 127), 21056: (0, 127), 21070: (0, 126), 21084: (1, 1), 21098: (1, 0), 21112: (0, 127), 21126: (0, 127), 21140: (255, 0), 21154: (0, 1), 21168: (0, 0), 21182: (0, 127), 21196: (0, 0), 21210: (0, 4), 21224: (0, 0), 21238: (0, 0), 21252: (0, 0), 21266: (1, 1), 21280: (2, 1), 21294: (1, 127), 21308: (2, 0), 21322: (2, 127), 21336: (2, 4), 21350: (2, 1), 21364: (2, 0), 21378: (1, 127), 21392: (0, 1), 21406: (1, 1), 21420: (2, 127), 21434: (1, 127), 21448: (1, 127), 21462: (1, 2), 21476: (1, 127), 21490: (1, 127), 21504: (1, 127), 21518: (1, 3), 21532: (2, 0), 21546: (1, 127), 21560: (1, 127), 21574: (0, 2), 21588: (0, 0), 21602: (0, 127), 21616: (1, 127), 21630: (1, 0), 21644: (1, 1), 21658: (1, 127), 21672: (2, 126), 21686: (2, 126), 21700: (2, 1), 21714: (2, 127), 21728: (1, 127), 21742: (2, 0), 21756: (2, 3), 21770: (2, 0), 21784: (1, 0), 21798: (1, 0), 21812: (2, 4), 21826: (2, 0), 21840: (2, 127), 21854: (2, 126), 21868: (2, 4), 21882: (2, 0), 21896: (1, 127), 21910: (1, 126), 21924: (1, 2), 21938: (1, 127), 21952: (2, 127), 21966: (2, 127), 21980: (2, 1), 21994: (2, 126), 22008: (2, 126), 22022: (3, 127), 22036: (2, 1), 22050: (2, 0), 22064: (2, 127), 22078: (2, 127), 22092: (1, 2), 22106: (1, 0), 22120: (2, 127), 22134: (1, 127), 22148: (1, 3), 22162: (1, 127), 22176: (1, 125), 22190: (1, 125), 22204: (1, 2), 22218: (1, 126), 22232: (1, 125), 22246: (0, 125), 22260: (2, 3), 22274: (2, 126), 22288: (1, 125), 22302: (0, 126), 22316: (1, 1), 22330: (1, 127), 22344: (0, 126), 22358: (0, 126), 22372: (1, 2), 22386: (0, 127), 22400: (1, 126), 22414: (2, 126), 22428: (1, 2), 22442: (0, 126), 22456: (1, 126), 22470: (1, 127), 22484: (2, 3), 22498: (1, 127), 22512: (1, 126), 22526: (1, 126), 22540: (1, 2), 22554: (2, 127), 22568: (3, 127), 22582: (2, 125), 22596: (1, 1), 22610: (2, 126), 22624: (3, 126), 22638: (1, 126), 22652: (0, 3), 22666: (1, 127), 22680: (2, 127), 22694: (2, 126), 22708: (1, 3), 22722: (1, 0), 22736: (2, 127), 22750: (1, 127), 22764: (2, 3), 22778: (2, 126), 22792: (1, 126), 22806: (1, 125), 22820: (2, 2), 22834: (1, 125), 22848: (0, 125), 22862: (1, 126), 22876: (2, 3), 22890: (1, 127), 22904: (0, 126), 22918: (0, 126), 22932: (1, 3), 22946: (2, 0), 22960: (2, 127), 22974: (1, 126), 22988: (1, 2), 23002: (1, 0), 23016: (1, 0), 23030: (2, 0), 23044: (1, 0), 23058: (1, 2), 23072: (1, 0), 23086: (1, 127), 23100: (1, 127), 23114: (1, 2), 23128: (2, 127), 23142: (2, 127), 23156: (1, 126), 23170: (0, 3), 23184: (1, 127), 23198: (2, 127), 23212: (2, 127), 23226: (1, 127), 23240: (1, 1), 23254: (0, 0), 23268: (1, 127), 23282: (1, 127), 23296: (1, 4), 23310: (0, 127), 23324: (0, 127), 23338: (0, 127), 23352: (1, 3), 23366: (1, 127), 23380: (1, 127), 23394: (1, 127), 23408: (1, 2), 23422: (1, 126), 23436: (1, 124), 23450: (1, 125), 23464: (1, 1), 23478: (2, 127), 23492: (1, 126), 23506: (0, 125), 23520: (1, 1), 23534: (2, 127), 23548: (1, 126), 23562: (1, 126), 23576: (0, 0), 23590: (1, 127), 23604: (0, 126), 23618: (1, 126), 23632: (2, 127), 23646: (1, 1), 23660: (1, 127), 23674: (1, 127), 23688: (1, 126), 23702: (1, 3), 23716: (1, 127), 23730: (1, 127), 23744: (1, 127), 23758: (1, 3), 23772: (1, 127), 23786: (1, 127), 23800: (1, 127), 23814: (0, 3), 23828: (1, 0), 23842: (2, 0), 23856: (1, 126), 23870: (2, 2), 23884: (3, 0), 23898: (2, 127), 23912: (1, 126), 23926: (1, 1), 23940: (2, 0), 23954: (2, 127), 23968: (1, 126), 23982: (1, 126), 23996: (1, 3), 24010: (1, 0), 24024: (1, 127), 24038: (1, 0), 24052: (1, 2), 24066: (1, 0), 24080: (1, 127), 24094: (1, 127), 24108: (0, 3), 24122: (1, 127), 24136: (2, 127), 24150: (1, 127), 24164: (0, 2), 24178: (0, 127), 24192: (1, 127), 24206: (2, 127), 24220: (2, 4), 24234: (1, 126), 24248: (1, 125), 24262: (1, 125), 24276: (2, 2), 24290: (2, 0), 24304: (2, 127), 24318: (2, 126), 24332: (2, 0), 24346: (2, 0), 24360: (1, 126), 24374: (2, 126), 24388: (2, 127), 24402: (2, 1), 24416: (1, 127), 24430: (1, 126), 24444: (1, 126), 24458: (1, 2), 24472: (1, 127), 24486: (2, 127), 24500: (0, 126), 24514: (0, 3), 24528: (0, 126), 24542: (2, 125), 24556: (2, 126), 24570: (1, 3), 24584: (0, 126), 24598: (0, 126), 24612: (1, 126), 24626: (1, 2), 24640: (1, 0), 24654: (1, 127), 24668: (0, 127), 24682: (1, 2), 24696: (1, 1), 24710: (0, 127), 24724: (0, 127), 24738: (1, 2), 24752: (2, 1), 24766: (0, 126), 24780: (0, 126), 24794: (1, 0), 24808: (2, 1), 24822: (0, 127), 24836: (0, 127), 24850: (0, 126), 24864: (0, 3), 24878: (0, 0), 24892: (1, 127), 24906: (1, 127), 24920: (0, 3), 24934: (0, 127), 24948: (0, 127), 24962: (0, 127), 24976: (0, 2), 24990: (1, 127), 25004: (2, 0), 25018: (1, 127), 25032: (0, 0), 25046: (0, 1), 25060: (1, 0), 25074: (1, 127), 25088: (1, 127), 25102: (0, 2), 25116: (0, 127), 25130: (0, 127), 25144: (1, 1), 25158: (1, 4), 25172: (0, 0), 25186: (0, 0), 25200: (0, 127), 25214: (0, 4), 25228: (1, 0), 25242: (1, 0), 25256: (0, 127), 25270: (255, 2), 25284: (0, 0), 25298: (1, 127), 25312: (0, 126), 25326: (0, 126), 25340: (2, 2), 25354: (1, 127), 25368: (0, 127), 25382: (0, 127), 25396: (1, 4), 25410: (1, 1), 25424: (1, 0), 25438: (0, 0), 25452: (1, 3), 25466: (0, 1), 25480: (0, 0), 25494: (0, 0), 25508: (0, 127), 25522: (0, 3), 25536: (0, 0), 25550: (1, 0), 25564: (0, 127), 25578: (255, 2), 25592: (0, 127), 25606: (1, 127), 25620: (0, 127), 25634: (0, 1), 25648: (1, 0), 25662: (0, 127), 25676: (0, 127), 25690: (1, 127), 25704: (1, 3), 25718: (1, 126), 25732: (0, 125), 25746: (1, 126), 25760: (1, 0), 25774: (0, 127), 25788: (0, 126), 25802: (1, 126), 25816: (1, 126), 25830: (0, 1), 25844: (0, 127), 25858: (1, 127), 25872: (0, 126), 25886: (1, 3), 25900: (0, 127), 25914: (0, 125), 25928: (0, 125), 25942: (0, 127), 25956: (1, 0), 25970: (1, 126), 25984: (0, 125), 25998: (0, 125), 26012: (1, 2), 26026: (0, 125), 26040: (0, 125), 26054: (1, 126), 26068: (0, 3), 26082: (0, 127), 26096: (1, 127), 26110: (0, 127), 26124: (0, 2), 26138: (1, 0), 26152: (2, 0), 26166: (1, 0), 26180: (0, 0), 26194: (0, 3), 26208: (1, 0), 26222: (1, 0), 26236: (0, 127), 26250: (1, 3), 26264: (1, 0), 26278: (0, 127), 26292: (0, 127), 26306: (1, 3), 26320: (1, 1), 26334: (1, 0), 26348: (0, 127), 26362: (1, 0), 26376: (1, 0), 26390: (0, 126), 26404: (1, 126), 26418: (1, 126), 26432: (0, 2), 26446: (0, 125), 26460: (0, 125), 26474: (0, 126), 26488: (0, 3), 26502: (1, 127), 26516: (0, 126), 26530: (255, 126), 26544: (0, 1), 26558: (0, 0), 26572: (1, 127), 26586: (0, 127), 26600: (0, 127), 26614: (0, 3), 26628: (0, 127), 26642: (0, 126), 26656: (0, 126), 26670: (1, 127), 26684: (1, 127), 26698: (1, 2), 26712: (1, 127), 26726: (2, 127), 26740: (2, 0), 26754: (2, 0), 26768: (2, 3), 26782: (1, 0), 26796: (0, 126), 26810: (1, 127), 26824: (2, 1), 26838: (1, 127), 26852: (0, 127), 26866: (0, 125), 26880: (0, 126), 26894: (1, 2), 26908: (1, 126), 26922: (1, 126), 26936: (0, 126), 26950: (0, 127), 26964: (1, 2), 26978: (0, 127), 26992: (0, 126), 27006: (1, 127), 27020: (1, 4), 27034: (0, 127), 27048: (0, 127), 27062: (0, 127), 27076: (1, 3), 27090: (0, 0), 27104: (0, 127), 27118: (1, 127), 27132: (0, 0), 27146: (0, 1), 27160: (0, 127), 27174: (0, 127), 27188: (255, 127), 27202: (0, 1), 27216: (0, 127), 27230: (0, 127), 27244: (255, 126), 27258: (0, 3), 27272: (0, 127), 27286: (0, 127), 27300: (255, 127), 27314: (0, 3), 27328: (1, 127), 27342: (0, 127), 27356: (0, 127), 27370: (0, 2), 27384: (0, 1), 27398: (0, 0), 27412: (1, 0), 27426: (1, 1), 27440: (0, 2), 27454: (255, 0), 27468: (0, 0), 27482: (1, 0), 27496: (0, 0), 27510: (0, 2), 27524: (1, 1), 27538: (0, 0), 27552: (0, 0), 27566: (0, 3), 27580: (1, 0), 27594: (0, 0), 27608: (1, 0), 27622: (1, 127), 27636: (0, 2), 27650: (0, 127), 27664: (1, 126), 27678: (1, 127), 27692: (1, 3), 27706: (1, 2), 27720: (1, 127), 27734: (2, 0), 27748: (3, 1), 27762: (2, 4), 27776: (1, 1), 27790: (1, 0), 27804: (1, 0), 27818: (2, 5), 27832: (1, 0), 27846: (1, 0), 27860: (1, 0), 27874: (1, 4), 27888: (0, 0), 27902: (0, 127), 27916: (0, 127), 27930: (1, 3), 27944: (1, 1), 27958: (0, 0), 27972: (0, 127), 27986: (0, 2), 28000: (0, 0), 28014: (1, 0), 28028: (1, 127), 28042: (0, 126), 28056: (0, 2), 28070: (0, 127), 28084: (1, 0), 28098: (1, 127), 28112: (1, 0), 28126: (1, 1), 28140: (0, 127), 28154: (0, 127), 28168: (1, 0), 28182: (1, 3), 28196: (1, 127), 28210: (0, 126), 28224: (0, 126), 28238: (0, 1), 28252: (1, 127), 28266: (1, 126), 28280: (1, 125), 28294: (1, 127), 28308: (0, 0), 28322: (0, 126), 28336: (1, 127), 28350: (1, 127), 28364: (1, 1), 28378: (1, 127), 28392: (0, 126), 28406: (0, 126), 28420: (0, 2), 28434: (1, 126), 28448: (0, 126), 28462: (0, 126), 28476: (1, 2), 28490: (0, 126), 28504: (0, 126), 28518: (0, 126), 28532: (1, 3), 28546: (1, 127), 28560: (0, 126), 28574: (255, 126), 28588: (0, 2), 28602: (1, 0), 28616: (1, 127), 28630: (0, 127), 28644: (0, 2), 28658: (255, 127), 28672: (0, 127), 28686: (1, 127), 28700: (1, 2), 28714: (0, 0), 28728: (0, 127), 28742: (0, 127), 28756: (0, 127), 28770: (0, 2), 28784: (0, 127), 28798: (0, 127), 28812: (0, 127), 28826: (0, 3), 28840: (0, 127), 28854: (255, 127), 28868: (0, 127), 28882: (1, 1), 28896: (0, 0), 28910: (255, 127), 28924: (255, 127), 28938: (0, 127), 28952: (0, 2), 28966: (255, 127), 28980: (0, 127), 28994: (0, 127), 29008: (255, 127), 29022: (0, 0), 29036: (0, 1), 29050: (0, 127), 29064: (0, 0), 29078: (0, 0), 29092: (0, 0), 29106: (0, 4), 29120: (0, 1), 29134: (0, 0), 29148: (0, 0), 29162: (255, 127), 29176: (0, 2), 29190: (0, 1), 29204: (0, 0), 29218: (0, 0), 29232: (0, 0), 29246: (0, 1), 29260: (0, 1), 29274: (0, 0), 29288: (1, 0), 29302: (0, 127), 29316: (255, 1), 29330: (0, 0), 29344: (2, 127), 29358: (0, 127), 29372: (255, 127), 29386: (0, 3), 29400: (1, 1), 29414: (0, 0), 29428: (0, 127), 29442: (1, 1), 29456: (0, 1), 29470: (0, 0), 29484: (1, 0), 29498: (0, 127), 29512: (0, 4), 29526: (0, 0), 29540: (1, 0), 29554: (1, 0), 29568: (0, 1), 29582: (0, 1), 29596: (1, 0), 29610: (1, 127), 29624: (0, 0), 29638: (0, 4), 29652: (0, 0), 29666: (0, 127), 29680: (1, 127), 29694: (2, 2), 29708: (2, 0), 29722: (1, 127), 29736: (1, 127), 29750: (2, 1), 29764: (2, 1), 29778: (2, 127), 29792: (2, 127), 29806: (2, 0), 29820: (1, 1), 29834: (1, 0), 29848: (1, 127), 29862: (1, 0), 29876: (1, 2), 29890: (1, 0), 29904: (1, 0), 29918: (0, 0), 29932: (1, 1), 29946: (2, 0), 29960: (2, 127), 29974: (1, 127), 29988: (1, 0), 30002: (1, 126), 30016: (1, 126), 30030: (2, 1), 30044: (2, 127), 30058: (1, 126), 30072: (0, 126), 30086: (0, 1), 30100: (1, 0), 30114: (1, 127), 30128: (0, 126), 30142: (0, 2), 30156: (1, 0), 30170: (0, 126), 30184: (0, 126), 30198: (1, 3), 30212: (1, 127), 30226: (0, 126), 30240: (255, 126), 30254: (0, 3), 30268: (1, 127), 30282: (1, 0), 30296: (1, 0), 30310: (1, 3), 30324: (0, 0), 30338: (0, 127), 30352: (1, 127), 30366: (1, 3), 30380: (1, 0), 30394: (1, 127), 30408: (0, 127), 30422: (0, 3), 30436: (1, 1), 30450: (1, 0), 30464: (1, 0), 30478: (1, 3), 30492: (1, 0), 30506: (1, 127), 30520: (0, 126), 30534: (1, 127), 30548: (2, 1), 30562: (1, 127), 30576: (0, 127), 30590: (0, 127), 30604: (1, 2), 30618: (0, 0), 30632: (0, 127), 30646: (1, 127), 30660: (1, 3), 30674: (0, 127), 30688: (0, 127), 30702: (1, 127), 30716: (0, 127), 30730: (0, 1), 30744: (0, 127), 30758: (1, 127), 30772: (0, 127), 30786: (0, 2), 30800: (1, 0), 30814: (1, 127), 30828: (0, 127), 30842: (0, 127), 30856: (0, 3), 30870: (1, 0), 30884: (1, 0), 30898: (1, 1), 30912: (1, 3), 30926: (0, 1), 30940: (0, 1), 30954: (1, 0), 30968: (1, 4), 30982: (0, 0), 30996: (255, 127), 31010: (0, 0), 31024: (1, 127), 31038: (0, 2), 31052: (0, 0), 31066: (0, 127), 31080: (0, 127), 31094: (0, 3), 31108: (0, 127), 31122: (0, 127), 31136: (1, 0), 31150: (1, 4), 31164: (0, 0), 31178: (0, 127), 31192: (0, 127), 31206: (1, 3), 31220: (1, 0), 31234: (1, 0), 31248: (0, 127), 31262: (0, 1), 31276: (0, 1), 31290: (1, 0), 31304: (1, 0), 31318: (0, 0), 31332: (0, 3), 31346: (0, 0), 31360: (0, 127), 31374: (1, 127), 31388: (2, 3), 31402: (1, 0), 31416: (0, 127), 31430: (0, 127), 31444: (0, 2), 31458: (1, 127), 31472: (1, 127), 31486: (0, 127), 31500: (1, 4), 31514: (0, 127), 31528: (255, 127), 31542: (255, 127), 31556: (1, 4), 31570: (1, 127), 31584: (0, 127), 31598: (255, 126), 31612: (0, 3), 31626: (0, 0), 31640: (1, 127), 31654: (0, 127), 31668: (0, 3), 31682: (0, 0), 31696: (0, 127), 31710: (1, 0), 31724: (1, 3), 31738: (1, 1), 31752: (0, 0), 31766: (0, 0), 31780: (0, 2), 31794: (0, 1), 31808: (1, 0), 31822: (1, 0), 31836: (0, 0), 31850: (255, 3), 31864: (0, 0), 31878: (1, 0), 31892: (0, 0), 31906: (0, 4), 31920: (1, 1), 31934: (0, 0), 31948: (255, 0), 31962: (0, 4), 31976: (1, 1), 31990: (0, 0), 32004: (0, 0), 32018: (0, 2), 32032: (1, 2), 32046: (0, 127), 32060: (0, 127), 32074: (1, 0), 32088: (1, 3), 32102: (0, 0), 32116: (0, 0), 32130: (0, 0), 32144: (1, 4), 32158: (1, 1), 32172: (1, 0), 32186: (0, 0), 32200: (0, 3), 32214: (0, 1), 32228: (0, 0), 32242: (0, 127), 32256: (255, 127), 32270: (0, 1), 32284: (0, 127), 32298: (0, 127), 32312: (0, 127), 32326: (1, 3), 32340: (1, 0), 32354: (0, 0), 32368: (0, 127), 32382: (0, 3), 32396: (0, 0), 32410: (0, 127), 32424: (0, 0), 32438: (0, 2), 32452: (0, 1), 32466: (0, 127), 32480: (0, 127), 32494: (0, 0), 32508: (0, 3), 32522: (0, 0), 32536: (0, 0), 32550: (0, 0), 32564: (1, 2), 32578: (1, 1), 32592: (0, 127), 32606: (255, 0), 32620: (1, 0), 32634: (1, 5), 32648: (0, 1), 32662: (255, 0), 32676: (1, 0), 32690: (0, 1), 32704: (0, 2), 32718: (0, 1), 32732: (1, 0), 32746: (0, 0), 32760: (255, 3), 32774: (0, 1), 32788: (0, 0), 32802: (0, 0), 32816: (0, 0), 32830: (1, 3), 32844: (0, 1), 32858: (0, 0), 32872: (0, 0), 32886: (2, 6), 32900: (1, 1), 32914: (0, 0), 32928: (2, 0), 32942: (3, 3), 32956: (2, 1), 32970: (1, 0), 32984: (2, 0), 32998: (1, 1), 33012: (1, 0), 33026: (1, 0), 33040: (2, 0), 33054: (2, 0), 33068: (1, 2), 33082: (1, 0), 33096: (1, 127), 33110: (0, 127), 33124: (0, 2), 33138: (1, 127), 33152: (1, 0), 33166: (0, 127), 33180: (0, 4), 33194: (0, 0), 33208: (0, 127), 33222: (0, 0), 33236: (1, 3), 33250: (1, 127), 33264: (0, 127), 33278: (0, 126), 33292: (0, 3), 33306: (1, 127), 33320: (0, 127), 33334: (0, 126), 33348: (0, 3), 33362: (1, 0), 33376: (0, 127), 33390: (0, 127), 33404: (1, 3), 33418: (0, 127), 33432: (0, 127), 33446: (0, 127), 33460: (0, 3), 33474: (1, 0), 33488: (2, 126), 33502: (2, 127), 33516: (1, 0), 33530: (1, 1), 33544: (1, 1), 33558: (1, 0), 33572: (1, 0), 33586: (1, 2), 33600: (1, 0), 33614: (1, 0), 33628: (1, 0), 33642: (2, 1), 33656: (2, 127), 33670: (1, 127), 33684: (1, 0), 33698: (1, 2), 33712: (0, 127), 33726: (0, 127), 33740: (1, 127), 33754: (2, 2), 33768: (2, 127), 33782: (1, 126), 33796: (2, 126), 33810: (3, 3), 33824: (2, 127), 33838: (2, 127), 33852: (1, 127), 33866: (1, 3), 33880: (0, 127), 33894: (1, 127), 33908: (1, 127), 33922: (1, 3), 33936: (0, 127), 33950: (1, 126), 33964: (1, 126), 33978: (0, 2), 33992: (0, 127), 34006: (1, 127), 34020: (0, 127), 34034: (0, 4), 34048: (0, 0), 34062: (0, 127), 34076: (0, 127), 34090: (1, 4), 34104: (1, 0), 34118: (1, 127), 34132: (0, 126), 34146: (1, 3), 34160: (2, 127), 34174: (1, 127), 34188: (0, 127), 34202: (0, 2), 34216: (1, 1), 34230: (0, 0), 34244: (0, 127), 34258: (1, 0), 34272: (1, 0), 34286: (1, 127), 34300: (1, 126), 34314: (1, 126), 34328: (1, 2), 34342: (1, 126), 34356: (2, 125), 34370: (2, 123), 34384: (1, 127), 34398: (0, 124), 34412: (1, 125), 34426: (1, 125), 34440: (1, 2), 34454: (0, 127), 34468: (0, 126), 34482: (1, 126), 34496: (1, 3), 34510: (1, 127), 34524: (1, 127), 34538: (1, 0), 34552: (0, 2), 34566: (1, 1), 34580: (0, 0), 34594: (0, 127), 34608: (1, 1), 34622: (1, 2), 34636: (0, 0), 34650: (0, 0), 34664: (0, 0), 34678: (2, 3), 34692: (1, 0), 34706: (0, 0), 34720: (0, 127), 34734: (0, 2), 34748: (1, 0), 34762: (1, 127), 34776: (1, 127), 34790: (0, 2), 34804: (0, 127), 34818: (1, 127), 34832: (1, 127), 34846: (1, 3), 34860: (1, 127), 34874: (1, 127), 34888: (0, 127), 34902: (0, 3), 34916: (0, 127), 34930: (1, 126), 34944: (1, 127), 34958: (1, 2), 34972: (255, 127), 34986: (255, 126), 35000: (0, 127), 35014: (1, 2), 35028: (1, 0), 35042: (0, 127), 35056: (255, 127), 35070: (0, 2), 35084: (0, 0), 35098: (0, 127), 35112: (0, 127), 35126: (0, 3), 35140: (255, 127), 35154: (255, 127), 35168: (0, 127), 35182: (0, 3), 35196: (0, 127), 35210: (0, 0), 35224: (1, 0), 35238: (0, 4), 35252: (0, 127), 35266: (0, 127), 35280: (1, 0), 35294: (1, 4), 35308: (0, 0), 35322: (0, 127), 35336: (0, 127), 35350: (1, 5), 35364: (2, 0), 35378: (1, 127), 35392: (0, 126), 35406: (0, 2), 35420: (2, 0), 35434: (2, 0), 35448: (1, 0), 35462: (0, 2), 35476: (0, 1), 35490: (0, 0), 35504: (0, 0), 35518: (0, 3), 35532: (1, 1), 35546: (1, 1), 35560: (0, 0), 35574: (0, 2), 35588: (0, 2), 35602: (0, 0), 35616: (1, 0), 35630: (1, 0), 35644: (0, 3), 35658: (0, 1), 35672: (0, 0), 35686: (1, 0), 35700: (1, 4), 35714: (0, 0), 35728: (0, 127), 35742: (0, 127), 35756: (0, 4), 35770: (1, 0), 35784: (1, 127), 35798: (0, 127), 35812: (0, 4), 35826: (0, 0), 35840: (0, 127), 35854: (0, 127), 35868: (0, 4), 35882: (1, 1), 35896: (0, 1), 35910: (255, 0), 35924: (0, 3), 35938: (0, 0), 35952: (0, 0), 35966: (0, 127), 35980: (255, 127), 35994: (255, 2), 36008: (0, 0), 36022: (0, 0), 36036: (0, 127), 36050: (255, 3), 36064: (255, 127), 36078: (0, 0), 36092: (0, 127), 36106: (0, 0), 36120: (0, 2), 36134: (0, 0), 36148: (0, 1), 36162: (0, 0), 36176: (0, 4), 36190: (0, 1), 36204: (0, 0), 36218: (0, 127), 36232: (1, 2), 36246: (1, 127), 36260: (0, 125), 36274: (1, 125), 36288: (1, 126), 36302: (1, 3), 36316: (0, 127), 36330: (1, 127), 36344: (2, 127), 36358: (0, 2), 36372: (0, 0), 36386: (0, 127), 36400: (1, 127), 36414: (1, 127), 36428: (1, 2), 36442: (0, 127), 36456: (0, 126), 36470: (0, 125), 36484: (1, 1), 36498: (1, 0), 36512: (1, 127), 36526: (0, 0), 36540: (1, 1), 36554: (1, 2), 36568: (255, 0), 36582: (255, 127), 36596: (0, 127), 36610: (1, 4), 36624: (255, 127), 36638: (255, 127), 36652: (0, 127), 36666: (0, 2), 36680: (0, 0), 36694: (1, 0), 36708: (0, 0), 36722: (0, 127), 36736: (0, 3), 36750: (1, 0), 36764: (1, 0), 36778: (0, 127), 36792: (0, 3), 36806: (1, 1), 36820: (1, 0), 36834: (0, 127), 36848: (0, 1), 36862: (1, 2), 36876: (1, 0), 36890: (0, 126), 36904: (0, 126), 36918: (0, 1), 36932: (0, 127), 36946: (0, 126), 36960: (1, 127), 36974: (0, 1), 36988: (0, 127), 37002: (1, 126), 37016: (2, 126), 37030: (1, 127), 37044: (1, 2), 37058: (1, 127), 37072: (1, 127), 37086: (0, 126), 37100: (0, 3), 37114: (1, 127), 37128: (0, 127), 37142: (0, 127), 37156: (0, 1), 37170: (1, 1), 37184: (1, 0), 37198: (1, 0), 37212: (1, 1), 37226: (1, 1), 37240: (0, 126), 37254: (0, 125), 37268: (0, 126), 37282: (0, 1), 37296: (1, 127), 37310: (0, 126), 37324: (255, 126), 37338: (255, 3), 37352: (0, 127), 37366: (0, 127), 37380: (0, 126), 37394: (255, 3), 37408: (255, 127), 37422: (0, 127), 37436: (0, 0), 37450: (0, 3), 37464: (1, 0), 37478: (0, 127), 37492: (255, 126), 37506: (255, 4), 37520: (0, 0), 37534: (0, 0), 37548: (0, 0), 37562: (1, 4), 37576: (0, 1), 37590: (255, 127), 37604: (255, 0), 37618: (1, 4), 37632: (1, 2), 37646: (0, 1), 37660: (0, 0), 37674: (0, 3), 37688: (1, 1), 37702: (0, 0), 37716: (0, 0), 37730: (0, 2), 37744: (0, 2), 37758: (0, 0), 37772: (1, 0), 37786: (0, 0), 37800: (0, 2), 37814: (0, 1), 37828: (1, 0), 37842: (255, 0), 37856: (255, 3), 37870: (1, 1), 37884: (1, 127), 37898: (1, 0), 37912: (1, 3), 37926: (0, 127), 37940: (1, 0), 37954: (1, 127), 37968: (1, 127), 37982: (1, 2), 37996: (0, 0), 38010: (0, 127), 38024: (0, 0), 38038: (0, 127), 38052: (0, 2), 38066: (1, 127), 38080: (1, 126), 38094: (1, 125), 38108: (0, 124), 38122: (0, 126), 38136: (2, 124), 38150: (2, 123), 38164: (1, 122), 38178: (1, 0), 38192: (0, 126), 38206: (0, 126), 38220: (1, 126), 38234: (1, 2), 38248: (0, 127), 38262: (0, 126), 38276: (0, 126), 38290: (1, 2), 38304: (0, 127), 38318: (0, 127), 38332: (0, 126), 38346: (0, 127), 38360: (0, 127), 38374: (1, 125), 38388: (1, 124), 38402: (1, 123), 38416: (1, 127), 38430: (1, 125), 38444: (0, 125), 38458: (0, 125), 38472: (1, 1), 38486: (2, 126), 38500: (1, 126), 38514: (0, 126), 38528: (0, 0), 38542: (1, 0), 38556: (1, 0), 38570: (1, 127), 38584: (1, 127), 38598: (0, 3), 38612: (0, 127), 38626: (0, 127), 38640: (1, 127), 38654: (0, 3), 38668: (0, 0), 38682: (1, 0), 38696: (1, 0), 38710: (0, 3), 38724: (1, 0), 38738: (2, 127), 38752: (2, 125), 38766: (1, 125), 38780: (2, 124), 38794: (2, 123), 38808: (2, 123), 38822: (2, 124), 38836: (2, 1), 38850: (1, 126), 38864: (0, 126), 38878: (0, 126), 38892: (2, 3), 38906: (1, 127), 38920: (0, 126), 38934: (0, 126), 38948: (1, 2), 38962: (1, 127), 38976: (0, 126), 38990: (0, 126), 39004: (0, 0), 39018: (0, 0), 39032: (0, 127), 39046: (0, 127), 39060: (0, 127), 39074: (0, 2), 39088: (0, 0), 39102: (0, 0), 39116: (255, 127), 39130: (0, 3), 39144: (1, 0), 39158: (1, 0), 39172: (0, 127), 39186: (0, 2), 39200: (0, 0), 39214: (0, 0), 39228: (0, 0), 39242: (1, 2), 39256: (1, 1), 39270: (0, 127), 39284: (255, 127), 39298: (0, 1), 39312: (0, 1), 39326: (0, 0), 39340: (0, 127), 39354: (0, 0), 39368: (0, 3), 39382: (0, 0), 39396: (0, 0), 39410: (1, 0), 39424: (1, 4), 39438: (0, 0), 39452: (0, 127), 39466: (0, 0), 39480: (0, 4), 39494: (1, 0), 39508: (0, 0), 39522: (255, 127), 39536: (255, 3), 39550: (0, 127), 39564: (1, 127), 39578: (0, 0), 39592: (255, 3), 39606: (0, 2), 39620: (0, 1), 39634: (0, 0), 39648: (0, 2), 39662: (0, 1), 39676: (0, 0), 39690: (0, 0), 39704: (0, 0), 39718: (0, 3), 39732: (255, 1), 39746: (0, 0), 39760: (1, 0), 39774: (0, 4), 39788: (255, 0), 39802: (0, 1), 39816: (1, 0), 39830: (0, 4), 39844: (0, 0), 39858: (0, 127), 39872: (255, 127), 39886: (0, 4), 39900: (1, 0), 39914: (1, 0), 39928: (0, 126), 39942: (0, 4), 39956: (1, 0), 39970: (1, 0), 39984: (255, 127), 39998: (255, 3), 40012: (1, 1), 40026: (0, 0), 40040: (255, 127), 40054: (255, 2), 40068: (0, 1), 40082: (0, 0), 40096: (255, 0), 40110: (255, 127), 40124: (0, 2), 40138: (0, 1), 40152: (0, 0), 40166: (0, 0), 40180: (255, 127), 40194: (255, 2), 40208: (0, 1), 40222: (1, 1), 40236: (0, 0), 40250: (255, 0), 40264: (0, 3), 40278: (0, 1), 40292: (0, 1), 40306: (0, 1), 40320: (0, 0), 40334: (255, 4), 40348: (0, 1), 40362: (0, 0), 40376: (1, 0), 40390: (0, 0), 40404: (0, 4), 40418: (1, 0), 40432: (1, 0), 40446: (255, 127), 40460: (255, 127), 40474: (0, 4), 40488: (1, 0), 40502: (0, 127), 40516: (0, 127), 40530: (255, 126), 40544: (0, 2), 40558: (1, 126), 40572: (0, 126), 40586: (0, 126), 40600: (0, 0), 40614: (0, 127), 40628: (1, 126), 40642: (0, 126), 40656: (1, 126), 40670: (1, 2), 40684: (1, 0), 40698: (0, 126), 40712: (0, 126), 40726: (0, 127), 40740: (1, 1), 40754: (0, 126), 40768: (0, 126), 40782: (255, 125), 40796: (0, 2), 40810: (0, 126), 40824: (1, 124), 40838: (0, 125), 40852: (0, 127), 40866: (0, 0), 40880: (0, 127), 40894: (0, 125), 40908: (1, 126), 40922: (1, 2), 40936: (1, 126), 40950: (1, 127), 40964: (0, 126), 40978: (0, 0), 40992: (0, 0), 41006: (0, 127), 41020: (0, 127), 41034: (255, 126), 41048: (255, 3), 41062: (255, 127), 41076: (0, 127), 41090: (0, 127), 41104: (1, 3), 41118: (0, 127), 41132: (0, 0), 41146: (0, 0), 41160: (0, 0), 41174: (0, 2), 41188: (0, 0), 41202: (0, 0), 41216: (0, 0), 41230: (1, 5), 41244: (1, 1), 41258: (0, 127), 41272: (0, 127), 41286: (1, 127), 41300: (0, 2), 41314: (255, 127), 41328: (255, 127), 41342: (1, 0), 41356: (0, 4), 41370: (0, 0), 41384: (255, 127), 41398: (0, 127), 41412: (0, 4), 41426: (0, 1), 41440: (0, 0), 41454: (0, 0), 41468: (254, 0), 41482: (255, 2), 41496: (0, 0), 41510: (0, 0), 41524: (255, 0), 41538: (0, 4), 41552: (0, 0), 41566: (255, 0), 41580: (255, 127), 41594: (0, 3), 41608: (0, 0), 41622: (0, 0), 41636: (255, 127), 41650: (0, 0), 41664: (0, 1), 41678: (0, 0), 41692: (1, 127), 41706: (1, 127), 41720: (0, 3), 41734: (255, 127), 41748: (0, 126), 41762: (1, 126), 41776: (0, 127), 41790: (0, 0), 41804: (0, 127), 41818: (0, 126), 41832: (255, 126), 41846: (0, 3), 41860: (0, 0), 41874: (0, 0), 41888: (0, 127), 41902: (0, 1), 41916: (0, 1), 41930: (0, 127), 41944: (0, 0), 41958: (0, 127), 41972: (255, 3), 41986: (255, 0), 42000: (255, 127), 42014: (0, 0), 42028: (0, 0), 42042: (0, 2), 42056: (255, 127), 42070: (255, 127), 42084: (255, 127), 42098: (0, 3), 42112: (0, 1), 42126: (255, 0), 42140: (255, 127), 42154: (255, 1), 42168: (0, 1), 42182: (0, 0), 42196: (0, 127), 42210: (0, 0), 42224: (0, 5), 42238: (255, 1), 42252: (255, 0), 42266: (0, 127), 42280: (0, 1), 42294: (0, 4), 42308: (0, 0), 42322: (255, 0), 42336: (255, 0), 42350: (0, 2), 42364: (1, 2), 42378: (255, 0), 42392: (255, 127), 42406: (0, 127), 42420: (1, 2), 42434: (0, 0), 42448: (0, 0), 42462: (0, 0), 42476: (0, 0), 42490: (255, 3), 42504: (255, 1), 42518: (0, 0), 42532: (0, 0), 42546: (0, 5), 42560: (255, 1), 42574: (255, 0), 42588: (255, 0), 42602: (0, 3), 42616: (1, 3), 42630: (0, 1), 42644: (255, 0), 42658: (0, 1), 42672: (1, 4), 42686: (2, 127), 42700: (2, 127), 42714: (1, 127), 42728: (1, 1), 42742: (0, 0), 42756: (0, 127), 42770: (1, 0), 42784: (1, 127), 42798: (1, 3), 42812: (1, 0), 42826: (0, 127), 42840: (0, 0), 42854: (0, 1), 42868: (1, 0), 42882: (1, 0), 42896: (0, 127), 42910: (0, 126), 42924: (0, 2), 42938: (0, 127), 42952: (1, 126), 42966: (1, 125), 42980: (1, 0), 42994: (0, 125), 43008: (0, 125), 43022: (1, 125), 43036: (2, 125), 43050: (1, 2), 43064: (1, 127), 43078: (0, 0), 43092: (0, 127), 43106: (0, 2), 43120: (1, 0), 43134: (0, 127), 43148: (0, 127), 43162: (0, 2), 43176: (0, 0), 43190: (255, 127), 43204: (255, 127), 43218: (1, 1), 43232: (1, 1), 43246: (0, 127), 43260: (0, 126), 43274: (0, 127), 43288: (1, 1), 43302: (0, 0), 43316: (0, 127), 43330: (0, 0), 43344: (0, 1), 43358: (0, 127), 43372: (1, 127), 43386: (0, 127), 43400: (0, 2), 43414: (0, 127), 43428: (1, 127), 43442: (0, 127), 43456: (0, 2), 43470: (0, 0), 43484: (0, 127), 43498: (0, 0), 43512: (0, 4), 43526: (1, 0), 43540: (1, 0), 43554: (1, 127), 43568: (0, 3), 43582: (0, 0), 43596: (0, 127), 43610: (0, 127), 43624: (0, 3), 43638: (1, 1), 43652: (255, 127), 43666: (255, 127), 43680: (0, 1), 43694: (1, 2), 43708: (255, 0), 43722: (254, 127), 43736: (255, 127), 43750: (0, 3), 43764: (0, 0), 43778: (255, 127), 43792: (255, 127), 43806: (255, 3), 43820: (255, 0), 43834: (255, 127), 43848: (0, 127), 43862: (255, 127), 43876: (0, 4), 43890: (0, 1), 43904: (255, 0), 43918: (255, 0), 43932: (255, 2), 43946: (0, 2), 43960: (0, 1), 43974: (0, 1), 43988: (255, 0), 44002: (255, 1), 44016: (0, 3), 44030: (0, 1), 44044: (0, 0), 44058: (255, 0), 44072: (255, 4), 44086: (0, 2), 44100: (0, 1), 44114: (0, 0), 44128: (0, 0), 44142: (0, 3), 44156: (0, 1), 44170: (0, 0), 44184: (255, 127), 44198: (0, 4), 44212: (0, 2), 44226: (0, 0), 44240: (0, 1), 44254: (255, 0), 44268: (255, 2), 44282: (0, 1), 44296: (0, 1), 44310: (0, 0), 44324: (255, 5), 44338: (255, 0), 44352: (0, 0), 44366: (0, 0), 44380: (0, 4), 44394: (255, 0), 44408: (255, 0), 44422: (255, 127), 44436: (255, 3), 44450: (255, 127), 44464: (0, 127), 44478: (0, 126), 44492: (0, 1), 44506: (255, 0), 44520: (255, 127), 44534: (255, 127), 44548: (0, 2), 44562: (0, 1), 44576: (255, 127), 44590: (255, 127), 44604: (255, 1), 44618: (0, 1), 44632: (0, 0), 44646: (0, 0), 44660: (255, 0), 44674: (255, 3), 44688: (255, 0), 44702: (255, 0), 44716: (0, 1), 44730: (0, 3), 44744: (0, 2), 44758: (255, 1), 44772: (255, 0), 44786: (255, 127), 44800: (0, 4), 44814: (0, 1), 44828: (0, 0), 44842: (255, 0), 44856: (255, 3), 44870: (0, 2), 44884: (0, 1), 44898: (0, 0), 44912: (255, 0), 44926: (255, 4), 44940: (255, 1), 44954: (0, 1), 44968: (0, 0), 44982: (0, 1), 44996: (0, 3), 45010: (0, 1), 45024: (0, 1), 45038: (0, 0), 45052: (1, 5), 45066: (1, 2), 45080: (1, 0), 45094: (1, 0), 45108: (1, 2), 45122: (2, 3), 45136: (1, 0), 45150: (2, 1), 45164: (2, 127), 45178: (1, 3), 45192: (0, 0), 45206: (0, 0), 45220: (1, 1), 45234: (1, 4), 45248: (0, 1), 45262: (0, 0), 45276: (0, 0), 45290: (1, 4), 45304: (1, 1), 45318: (0, 127), 45332: (0, 127), 45346: (0, 1), 45360: (1, 127), 45374: (0, 126), 45388: (0, 127), 45402: (255, 127), 45416: (0, 2), 45430: (0, 127), 45444: (255, 127), 45458: (255, 127), 45472: (1, 3), 45486: (0, 0), 45500: (255, 127), 45514: (255, 127), 45528: (0, 4), 45542: (0, 0), 45556: (255, 127), 45570: (1, 0), 45584: (1, 0), 45598: (0, 1), 45612: (1, 0), 45626: (1, 1), 45640: (1, 0), 45654: (0, 4), 45668: (1, 1), 45682: (0, 0), 45696: (255, 127), 45710: (0, 3), 45724: (1, 0), 45738: (0, 127), 45752: (0, 127), 45766: (0, 3), 45780: (0, 0), 45794: (255, 127), 45808: (0, 0), 45822: (1, 3), 45836: (1, 1), 45850: (255, 0), 45864: (255, 127), 45878: (0, 1), 45892: (1, 1), 45906: (0, 0), 45920: (255, 127), 45934: (0, 127), 45948: (255, 2), 45962: (0, 0), 45976: (0, 0), 45990: (0, 0), 46004: (0, 4), 46018: (0, 1), 46032: (0, 0), 46046: (0, 0), 46060: (0, 3), 46074: (0, 1), 46088: (0, 0), 46102: (255, 127), 46116: (255, 126), 46130: (0, 3), 46144: (0, 0), 46158: (0, 127), 46172: (0, 127), 46186: (0, 3), 46200: (0, 127), 46214: (0, 127), 46228: (0, 127), 46242: (0, 3), 46256: (255, 0), 46270: (255, 127), 46284: (0, 127), 46298: (0, 0), 46312: (0, 2), 46326: (1, 1), 46340: (1, 127), 46354: (0, 127), 46368: (0, 2), 46382: (1, 1), 46396: (1, 0), 46410: (0, 0), 46424: (0, 0), 46438: (1, 3), 46452: (0, 0), 46466: (0, 0), 46480: (0, 0), 46494: (1, 0), 46508: (0, 4), 46522: (0, 0), 46536: (0, 0), 46550: (0, 1), 46564: (0, 0), 46578: (0, 3), 46592: (0, 0), 46606: (0, 0), 46620: (0, 0), 46634: (0, 2), 46648: (0, 0), 46662: (0, 127), 46676: (0, 127), 46690: (1, 127), 46704: (1, 1), 46718: (0, 126), 46732: (0, 126), 46746: (1, 126), 46760: (1, 2), 46774: (0, 1), 46788: (0, 127), 46802: (0, 0), 46816: (0, 1), 46830: (0, 3), 46844: (0, 0), 46858: (0, 0), 46872: (255, 0), 46886: (0, 4), 46900: (0, 0), 46914: (255, 0), 46928: (0, 0), 46942: (0, 4), 46956: (0, 0), 46970: (0, 127), 46984: (0, 127), 46998: (0, 3), 47012: (0, 1), 47026: (0, 0), 47040: (0, 127), 47054: (0, 2), 47068: (0, 1), 47082: (255, 127), 47096: (0, 127), 47110: (255, 0), 47124: (255, 1), 47138: (0, 0), 47152: (1, 127), 47166: (0, 127), 47180: (0, 0), 47194: (1, 125), 47208: (2, 125), 47222: (2, 124), 47236: (2, 126), 47250: (1, 124), 47264: (1, 125), 47278: (0, 125), 47292: (0, 2), 47306: (0, 127), 47320: (0, 127), 47334: (255, 127), 47348: (255, 3), 47362: (0, 1), 47376: (0, 0), 47390: (255, 127), 47404: (0, 3), 47418: (1, 1), 47432: (0, 0), 47446: (255, 0), 47460: (255, 4), 47474: (1, 1), 47488: (0, 0), 47502: (0, 0), 47516: (0, 4), 47530: (255, 0), 47544: (255, 0), 47558: (0, 0), 47572: (0, 3), 47586: (255, 0), 47600: (255, 0), 47614: (0, 0), 47628: (0, 3), 47642: (0, 1), 47656: (255, 0), 47670: (0, 1), 47684: (0, 2), 47698: (0, 1), 47712: (255, 0), 47726: (0, 0), 47740: (0, 2), 47754: (1, 2), 47768: (0, 1), 47782: (0, 0), 47796: (255, 1), 47810: (0, 3), 47824: (0, 1), 47838: (0, 0), 47852: (255, 2), 47866: (0, 2), 47880: (0, 1), 47894: (255, 1), 47908: (0, 2), 47922: (0, 2), 47936: (1, 1), 47950: (0, 1), 47964: (255, 1), 47978: (255, 2), 47992: (0, 1), 48006: (1, 1), 48020: (1, 0), 48034: (0, 2), 48048: (255, 127), 48062: (0, 127), 48076: (0, 0), 48090: (1, 3), 48104: (0, 0), 48118: (255, 127), 48132: (0, 0), 48146: (0, 3), 48160: (0, 0), 48174: (0, 127), 48188: (0, 127), 48202: (0, 3), 48216: (0, 0), 48230: (255, 127), 48244: (255, 127), 48258: (0, 4), 48272: (0, 127), 48286: (0, 127), 48300: (255, 126), 48314: (254, 3), 48328: (255, 0), 48342: (0, 0), 48356: (255, 127), 48370: (255, 3), 48384: (255, 0), 48398: (255, 0), 48412: (255, 0), 48426: (0, 3), 48440: (0, 1), 48454: (255, 0), 48468: (255, 127), 48482: (255, 127), 48496: (0, 4), 48510: (0, 1), 48524: (255, 0), 48538: (0, 0), 48552: (255, 3), 48566: (255, 2), 48580: (255, 0), 48594: (0, 1), 48608: (0, 0), 48622: (0, 5), 48636: (255, 1), 48650: (255, 0), 48664: (255, 0), 48678: (0, 4), 48692: (1, 3), 48706: (0, 1), 48720: (0, 1), 48734: (0, 0), 48748: (1, 5), 48762: (0, 1), 48776: (255, 0), 48790: (0, 0), 48804: (0, 4), 48818: (0, 1), 48832: (0, 0), 48846: (0, 0), 48860: (0, 1), 48874: (0, 2), 48888: (1, 1), 48902: (0, 127), 48916: (255, 127), 48930: (0, 4), 48944: (1, 0), 48958: (0, 127), 48972: (255, 127), 48986: (255, 1), 49000: (0, 1), 49014: (0, 0), 49028: (255, 127), 49042: (255, 0), 49056: (255, 3), 49070: (255, 0), 49084: (255, 0), 49098: (1, 0), 49112: (1, 3), 49126: (0, 127), 49140: (0, 0), 49154: (1, 1), 49168: (1, 4), 49182: (0, 0), 49196: (1, 127), 49210: (2, 127), 49224: (1, 3), 49238: (0, 127), 49252: (0, 127), 49266: (1, 127), 49280: (1, 4), 49294: (1, 127), 49308: (0, 127), 49322: (255, 127), 49336: (0, 3), 49350: (1, 0), 49364: (1, 127), 49378: (0, 127), 49392: (0, 4), 49406: (0, 0), 49420: (255, 127), 49434: (0, 127), 49448: (0, 3), 49462: (0, 127), 49476: (255, 127), 49490: (255, 126), 49504: (255, 2), 49518: (0, 127), 49532: (255, 126), 49546: (255, 126), 49560: (0, 2), 49574: (255, 127), 49588: (254, 126), 49602: (255, 126), 49616: (0, 126), 49630: (0, 2), 49644: (255, 127), 49658: (255, 127), 49672: (255, 127), 49686: (0, 2), 49700: (0, 1), 49714: (0, 0), 49728: (254, 127), 49742: (255, 127), 49756: (0, 3), 49770: (0, 0), 49784: (255, 127), 49798: (255, 127), 49812: (255, 127), 49826: (255, 4), 49840: (0, 1), 49854: (0, 126), 49868: (1, 127), 49882: (2, 1), 49896: (1, 4), 49910: (0, 2), 49924: (0, 1), 49938: (0, 1), 49952: (0, 0), 49966: (0, 1), 49980: (0, 2), 49994: (255, 0), 50008: (255, 0), 50022: (0, 127), 50036: (0, 1), 50050: (255, 125), 50064: (0, 126), 50078: (2, 127), 50092: (2, 126), 50106: (0, 2), 50120: (1, 127), 50134: (1, 0), 50148: (0, 127), 50162: (0, 0), 50176: (1, 1), 50190: (0, 0), 50204: (1, 0), 50218: (1, 0), 50232: (0, 4), 50246: (0, 127), 50260: (0, 127), 50274: (1, 127), 50288: (1, 2), 50302: (0, 2), 50316: (1, 0), 50330: (1, 127), 50344: (2, 127), 50358: (1, 1), 50372: (2, 1), 50386: (1, 127), 50400: (0, 0), 50414: (1, 3), 50428: (1, 0), 50442: (0, 127), 50456: (0, 127), 50470: (1, 2), 50484: (1, 0), 50498: (0, 127), 50512: (0, 127), 50526: (0, 1), 50540: (0, 1), 50554: (255, 127), 50568: (255, 127), 50582: (0, 127), 50596: (1, 2), 50610: (1, 0), 50624: (1, 127), 50638: (0, 127), 50652: (0, 4), 50666: (0, 0), 50680: (1, 0), 50694: (0, 0), 50708: (0, 3), 50722: (0, 0), 50736: (1, 0), 50750: (0, 127), 50764: (0, 1), 50778: (0, 0), 50792: (0, 127), 50806: (0, 127), 50820: (0, 127), 50834: (0, 3), 50848: (0, 0), 50862: (0, 0), 50876: (0, 127), 50890: (0, 3), 50904: (255, 127), 50918: (255, 127), 50932: (0, 127), 50946: (1, 4), 50960: (0, 0), 50974: (255, 127), 50988: (0, 127), 51002: (0, 4), 51016: (1, 127), 51030: (1, 126), 51044: (1, 127), 51058: (0, 2), 51072: (1, 1), 51086: (1, 0), 51100: (0, 127), 51114: (0, 3), 51128: (0, 1), 51142: (0, 0), 51156: (0, 1), 51170: (255, 1), 51184: (0, 1), 51198: (1, 1), 51212: (1, 0), 51226: (0, 2), 51240: (0, 2), 51254: (0, 0), 51268: (0, 0), 51282: (1, 0), 51296: (1, 3), 51310: (0, 0), 51324: (255, 127), 51338: (0, 127), 51352: (1, 3), 51366: (0, 0), 51380: (0, 127), 51394: (0, 127), 51408: (1, 4), 51422: (0, 127), 51436: (0, 127), 51450: (0, 127), 51464: (0, 4), 51478: (0, 0), 51492: (255, 127), 51506: (255, 127), 51520: (255, 3), 51534: (0, 0), 51548: (0, 0), 51562: (0, 127), 51576: (255, 3), 51590: (255, 0), 51604: (0, 127), 51618: (0, 127), 51632: (255, 2), 51646: (0, 2), 51660: (0, 2), 51674: (0, 0), 51688: (255, 2), 51702: (0, 1), 51716: (0, 0), 51730: (0, 1), 51744: (1, 1), 51758: (1, 2), 51772: (1, 127), 51786: (1, 127), 51800: (2, 127), 51814: (2, 3), 51828: (1, 0), 51842: (1, 127), 51856: (1, 0), 51870: (1, 3), 51884: (1, 1), 51898: (1, 0), 51912: (0, 0), 51926: (0, 2), 51940: (1, 0), 51954: (1, 0), 51968: (1, 1), 51982: (0, 1), 51996: (0, 0), 52010: (0, 0), 52024: (0, 3), 52038: (0, 1), 52052: (0, 0), 52066: (1, 0), 52080: (0, 3), 52094: (255, 2), 52108: (1, 0), 52122: (2, 0), 52136: (2, 4), 52150: (2, 1), 52164: (2, 127), 52178: (2, 126), 52192: (2, 0), 52206: (2, 125), 52220: (3, 123), 52234: (2, 124), 52248: (1, 0), 52262: (1, 126), 52276: (2, 125), 52290: (1, 125), 52304: (0, 2), 52318: (2, 127), 52332: (1, 127), 52346: (0, 127), 52360: (1, 4), 52374: (1, 0), 52388: (1, 127), 52402: (1, 0), 52416: (1, 4), 52430: (0, 0), 52444: (0, 127), 52458: (0, 127), 52472: (2, 4), 52486: (1, 0), 52500: (0, 127), 52514: (255, 127), 52528: (1, 2), 52542: (0, 127), 52556: (0, 127), 52570: (0, 127), 52584: (0, 2), 52598: (0, 127), 52612: (0, 127), 52626: (1, 2), 52640: (0, 0), 52654: (0, 127), 52668: (1, 127), 52682: (2, 2), 52696: (1, 1), 52710: (1, 1), 52724: (1, 1), 52738: (2, 5), 52752: (1, 1), 52766: (0, 0), 52780: (0, 0), 52794: (0, 5), 52808: (1, 2), 52822: (1, 1), 52836: (1, 0), 52850: (0, 4), 52864: (0, 1), 52878: (1, 0), 52892: (0, 0), 52906: (0, 4), 52920: (0, 1), 52934: (0, 1), 52948: (0, 1), 52962: (1, 4), 52976: (1, 0), 52990: (1, 0), 53004: (0, 127), 53018: (0, 4), 53032: (0, 0), 53046: (0, 1), 53060: (0, 0), 53074: (1, 4), 53088: (2, 1), 53102: (0, 0), 53116: (0, 0), 53130: (1, 3), 53144: (1, 0), 53158: (0, 127), 53172: (0, 127), 53186: (0, 2), 53200: (0, 127), 53214: (0, 127), 53228: (0, 127), 53242: (0, 2), 53256: (255, 127), 53270: (0, 127), 53284: (0, 0), 53298: (1, 3), 53312: (0, 0), 53326: (2, 127), 53340: (2, 0), 53354: (2, 2), 53368: (1, 1), 53382: (1, 127), 53396: (2, 0), 53410: (1, 3), 53424: (0, 0), 53438: (0, 0), 53452: (0, 0), 53466: (0, 4), 53480: (1, 0), 53494: (1, 1), 53508: (0, 0), 53522: (0, 4), 53536: (0, 1), 53550: (1, 1), 53564: (0, 0), 53578: (0, 4), 53592: (0, 1), 53606: (1, 1), 53620: (0, 0), 53634: (0, 4), 53648: (0, 0), 53662: (0, 1), 53676: (0, 0), 53690: (0, 4), 53704: (0, 0), 53718: (0, 126), 53732: (1, 125), 53746: (2, 126), 53760: (1, 124), 53774: (0, 123), 53788: (0, 126), 53802: (1, 126), 53816: (1, 125), 53830: (0, 125), 53844: (0, 2), 53858: (1, 0), 53872: (0, 127), 53886: (0, 127), 53900: (0, 4), 53914: (0, 0), 53928: (0, 127), 53942: (0, 0), 53956: (0, 4), 53970: (0, 0), 53984: (0, 0), 53998: (0, 127), 54012: (1, 5), 54026: (0, 0), 54040: (255, 127), 54054: (0, 0), 54068: (1, 5), 54082: (1, 0), 54096: (1, 127), 54110: (1, 126), 54124: (1, 3), 54138: (1, 0), 54152: (1, 0), 54166: (1, 0), 54180: (0, 3), 54194: (0, 0), 54208: (0, 0), 54222: (0, 2), 54236: (0, 1), 54250: (1, 1), 54264: (1, 0), 54278: (0, 3), 54292: (0, 1), 54306: (0, 0), 54320: (0, 0), 54334: (1, 4), 54348: (0, 0), 54362: (0, 0), 54376: (255, 127), 54390: (0, 5), 54404: (1, 1), 54418: (1, 1), 54432: (0, 1), 54446: (255, 4), 54460: (1, 1), 54474: (1, 1), 54488: (0, 0), 54502: (0, 4), 54516: (0, 1), 54530: (0, 1), 54544: (255, 2), 54558: (0, 2), 54572: (0, 1), 54586: (0, 1), 54600: (255, 4), 54614: (0, 2), 54628: (255, 1), 54642: (255, 0), 54656: (0, 5), 54670: (1, 2), 54684: (0, 1), 54698: (255, 0), 54712: (255, 4), 54726: (0, 0), 54740: (0, 0), 54754: (0, 1), 54768: (0, 2), 54782: (255, 127), 54796: (255, 0), 54810: (0, 3), 54824: (1, 1), 54838: (0, 0), 54852: (0, 0), 54866: (1, 5), 54880: (1, 2), 54894: (0, 0), 54908: (0, 0), 54922: (0, 6), 54936: (1, 1), 54950: (1, 127), 54964: (0, 127), 54978: (1, 5), 54992: (1, 1), 55006: (1, 1), 55020: (1, 1), 55034: (0, 3), 55048: (0, 1), 55062: (0, 1), 55076: (0, 4), 55090: (1, 3), 55104: (0, 1), 55118: (0, 0), 55132: (0, 5), 55146: (0, 1), 55160: (0, 0), 55174: (255, 127), 55188: (0, 5), 55202: (0, 1), 55216: (255, 127), 55230: (255, 127), 55244: (0, 4), 55258: (0, 0), 55272: (0, 0), 55286: (0, 1), 55300: (255, 1), 55314: (254, 127), 55328: (255, 127), 55342: (0, 3), 55356: (0, 1), 55370: (255, 0), 55384: (255, 127), 55398: (255, 3), 55412: (255, 1), 55426: (0, 127), 55440: (255, 127), 55454: (255, 3), 55468: (255, 1), 55482: (255, 0), 55496: (255, 0), 55510: (255, 2), 55524: (0, 1), 55538: (0, 0), 55552: (0, 126), 55566: (0, 126), 55580: (0, 4), 55594: (1, 1), 55608: (1, 1), 55622: (0, 0), 55636: (0, 0), 55650: (0, 2), 55664: (0, 1), 55678: (1, 1), 55692: (1, 0), 55706: (0, 5), 55720: (255, 1), 55734: (0, 0), 55748: (0, 1), 55762: (0, 4), 55776: (0, 1), 55790: (0, 0), 55804: (0, 1), 55818: (0, 1), 55832: (0, 0), 55846: (1, 0), 55860: (0, 0), 55874: (0, 2), 55888: (0, 2), 55902: (0, 0), 55916: (255, 127), 55930: (0, 1), 55944: (1, 2), 55958: (0, 0), 55972: (255, 0), 55986: (0, 4), 56000: (0, 2), 56014: (0, 0), 56028: (0, 0), 56042: (0, 3), 56056: (0, 0), 56070: (0, 0), 56084: (0, 127), 56098: (0, 2), 56112: (0, 127), 56126: (1, 125), 56140: (1, 125), 56154: (1, 1), 56168: (1, 125), 56182: (1, 124), 56196: (1, 125), 56210: (1, 2), 56224: (1, 127), 56238: (0, 127), 56252: (0, 127), 56266: (1, 4), 56280: (1, 127), 56294: (0, 126), 56308: (0, 126), 56322: (1, 4), 56336: (1, 0), 56350: (0, 127), 56364: (0, 127), 56378: (0, 4), 56392: (0, 0), 56406: (0, 0), 56420: (0, 0), 56434: (0, 4), 56448: (0, 0), 56462: (0, 127), 56476: (0, 127), 56490: (0, 3), 56504: (255, 0), 56518: (0, 127), 56532: (0, 127), 56546: (1, 4), 56560: (0, 0), 56574: (255, 0), 56588: (255, 0), 56602: (0, 5), 56616: (0, 1), 56630: (0, 0), 56644: (255, 127), 56658: (0, 4), 56672: (0, 1), 56686: (0, 0), 56700: (0, 127), 56714: (0, 3), 56728: (0, 126), 56742: (0, 126), 56756: (0, 126), 56770: (255, 4), 56784: (0, 0), 56798: (1, 0), 56812: (1, 127), 56826: (1, 3), 56840: (1, 127), 56854: (1, 126), 56868: (1, 127), 56882: (1, 4), 56896: (0, 127), 56910: (0, 127), 56924: (1, 0), 56938: (0, 5), 56952: (0, 0), 56966: (0, 0), 56980: (0, 0), 56994: (0, 5), 57008: (0, 1), 57022: (0, 0), 57036: (255, 127), 57050: (255, 3), 57064: (255, 0), 57078: (255, 0), 57092: (255, 127), 57106: (255, 3), 57120: (255, 0), 57134: (255, 0), 57148: (0, 0), 57162: (1, 4), 57176: (1, 127), 57190: (1, 127), 57204: (0, 127), 57218: (0, 3), 57232: (0, 0), 57246: (255, 0), 57260: (0, 0), 57274: (0, 5), 57288: (0, 1), 57302: (0, 0), 57316: (255, 0), 57330: (0, 4), 57344: (0, 1), 57358: (0, 1), 57372: (0, 1), 57386: (0, 4), 57400: (0, 1), 57414: (0, 1), 57428: (0, 0), 57442: (0, 4), 57456: (0, 0), 57470: (1, 127), 57484: (0, 127), 57498: (0, 4), 57512: (0, 0), 57526: (0, 127), 57540: (0, 127), 57554: (0, 3), 57568: (0, 127), 57582: (0, 127), 57596: (0, 127), 57610: (0, 4), 57624: (0, 0), 57638: (255, 0), 57652: (255, 0), 57666: (0, 4), 57680: (0, 0), 57694: (255, 0), 57708: (255, 127), 57722: (0, 4), 57736: (0, 0), 57750: (254, 127), 57764: (254, 127), 57778: (255, 4), 57792: (0, 0), 57806: (0, 0), 57820: (0, 0), 57834: (0, 3), 57848: (0, 0), 57862: (0, 0), 57876: (0, 127), 57890: (255, 2), 57904: (0, 1), 57918: (0, 0), 57932: (0, 0), 57946: (0, 3), 57960: (1, 1), 57974: (0, 0), 57988: (0, 127), 58002: (0, 2), 58016: (1, 1), 58030: (0, 0), 58044: (0, 127), 58058: (0, 0), 58072: (0, 1), 58086: (0, 0), 58100: (1, 126), 58114: (1, 127), 58128: (1, 0), 58142: (1, 127), 58156: (0, 127), 58170: (0, 126), 58184: (1, 3), 58198: (0, 127), 58212: (0, 0), 58226: (255, 127), 58240: (255, 3), 58254: (255, 0), 58268: (255, 127), 58282: (0, 0), 58296: (0, 2), 58310: (255, 1), 58324: (0, 127), 58338: (1, 127), 58352: (1, 1), 58366: (1, 1), 58380: (0, 0), 58394: (0, 127), 58408: (0, 2), 58422: (0, 2), 58436: (255, 0), 58450: (0, 0), 58464: (0, 1), 58478: (0, 2), 58492: (255, 1), 58506: (255, 0), 58520: (255, 1), 58534: (0, 3), 58548: (0, 1), 58562: (0, 0), 58576: (255, 0), 58590: (255, 3), 58604: (0, 0), 58618: (0, 0), 58632: (0, 0), 58646: (0, 2), 58660: (255, 0), 58674: (255, 0), 58688: (255, 0), 58702: (255, 3), 58716: (0, 0), 58730: (0, 127), 58744: (0, 127), 58758: (255, 3), 58772: (255, 127), 58786: (0, 127), 58800: (2, 126), 58814: (1, 3), 58828: (1, 0), 58842: (1, 127), 58856: (1, 127), 58870: (1, 4), 58884: (2, 0), 58898: (1, 0), 58912: (0, 127), 58926: (0, 3), 58940: (1, 2), 58954: (0, 0), 58968: (0, 0), 58982: (0, 3), 58996: (1, 2), 59010: (0, 1), 59024: (0, 0), 59038: (0, 1), 59052: (1, 2), 59066: (1, 0), 59080: (1, 0), 59094: (0, 127), 59108: (0, 1), 59122: (0, 127), 59136: (1, 127), 59150: (1, 1), 59164: (0, 3), 59178: (0, 0), 59192: (0, 1), 59206: (0, 0), 59220: (1, 4), 59234: (0, 1), 59248: (0, 0), 59262: (0, 0), 59276: (0, 4), 59290: (0, 0), 59304: (0, 0), 59318: (0, 0), 59332: (1, 5), 59346: (0, 1), 59360: (255, 0), 59374: (0, 127), 59388: (0, 4), 59402: (1, 2), 59416: (0, 1), 59430: (0, 0), 59444: (0, 3), 59458: (1, 0), 59472: (1, 0), 59486: (1, 127), 59500: (0, 3), 59514: (0, 0), 59528: (0, 0), 59542: (0, 0), 59556: (0, 4), 59570: (0, 1), 59584: (0, 0), 59598: (0, 0), 59612: (0, 4), 59626: (0, 0), 59640: (0, 127), 59654: (0, 127), 59668: (1, 4), 59682: (0, 0), 59696: (255, 127), 59710: (255, 127), 59724: (0, 3), 59738: (0, 0), 59752: (0, 127), 59766: (255, 127), 59780: (0, 3), 59794: (0, 0), 59808: (0, 1), 59822: (0, 1), 59836: (255, 3), 59850: (255, 0), 59864: (255, 0), 59878: (0, 0), 59892: (0, 3), 59906: (0, 127), 59920: (0, 127), 59934: (255, 126), 59948: (0, 4), 59962: (0, 0), 59976: (0, 0), 59990: (0, 0), 60004: (0, 4), 60018: (0, 1), 60032: (255, 0), 60046: (255, 0), 60060: (0, 3), 60074: (1, 1), 60088: (0, 0), 60102: (255, 0), 60116: (255, 1), 60130: (1, 1), 60144: (1, 127), 60158: (1, 126), 60172: (0, 126), 60186: (0, 1), 60200: (0, 126), 60214: (1, 125), 60228: (1, 124), 60242: (2, 0), 60256: (2, 124), 60270: (0, 125), 60284: (0, 125), 60298: (0, 2), 60312: (1, 127), 60326: (1, 127), 60340: (2, 0), 60354: (0, 1), 60368: (0, 0), 60382: (1, 0), 60396: (1, 0), 60410: (1, 127), 60424: (0, 2), 60438: (0, 127), 60452: (0, 127), 60466: (1, 127), 60480: (1, 4), 60494: (0, 127), 60508: (0, 127), 60522: (1, 126), 60536: (1, 2), 60550: (2, 127), 60564: (1, 0), 60578: (2, 127), 60592: (2, 2), 60606: (1, 127), 60620: (0, 126), 60634: (0, 126), 60648: (1, 3), 60662: (1, 1), 60676: (0, 0), 60690: (0, 127), 60704: (0, 3), 60718: (0, 1), 60732: (0, 1), 60746: (0, 0), 60760: (0, 4), 60774: (0, 1), 60788: (0, 0), 60802: (1, 0), 60816: (1, 4), 60830: (1, 0), 60844: (0, 0), 60858: (0, 0), 60872: (0, 4), 60886: (0, 1), 60900: (255, 127), 60914: (0, 0), 60928: (0, 3), 60942: (0, 0), 60956: (255, 127), 60970: (0, 0), 60984: (0, 4), 60998: (0, 0), 61012: (255, 127), 61026: (0, 127), 61040: (0, 3), 61054: (0, 127), 61068: (0, 127), 61082: (0, 127), 61096: (0, 2), 61110: (0, 0), 61124: (0, 127), 61138: (0, 1), 61152: (0, 1), 61166: (0, 0), 61180: (0, 0), 61194: (1, 2), 61208: (1, 1), 61222: (2, 127), 61236: (1, 126), 61250: (2, 3), 61264: (2, 1), 61278: (1, 1), 61292: (1, 0), 61306: (1, 2), 61320: (1, 2), 61334: (1, 0), 61348: (0, 0), 61362: (0, 1), 61376: (1, 1), 61390: (1, 0), 61404: (1, 1), 61418: (1, 3), 61432: (1, 1), 61446: (1, 1), 61460: (1, 0), 61474: (1, 2), 61488: (1, 2), 61502: (1, 0), 61516: (1, 127), 61530: (2, 2), 61544: (2, 1), 61558: (1, 0), 61572: (1, 1), 61586: (1, 2), 61600: (1, 2), 61614: (1, 0), 61628: (0, 0), 61642: (0, 1), 61656: (1, 2), 61670: (0, 0), 61684: (1, 0), 61698: (0, 1), 61712: (0, 1), 61726: (0, 0), 61740: (1, 0), 61754: (1, 2), 61768: (255, 0), 61782: (0, 0), 61796: (1, 127), 61810: (1, 0), 61824: (2, 0), 61838: (2, 1), 61852: (1, 127), 61866: (1, 2), 61880: (1, 1), 61894: (1, 127), 61908: (0, 127), 61922: (0, 2), 61936: (1, 1), 61950: (0, 0), 61964: (0, 127), 61978: (0, 2), 61992: (1, 2), 62006: (1, 0), 62020: (1, 127), 62034: (0, 2), 62048: (0, 1), 62062: (0, 1), 62076: (0, 0), 62090: (0, 3), 62104: (1, 1), 62118: (0, 0), 62132: (1, 1), 62146: (0, 3), 62160: (0, 1), 62174: (0, 0), 62188: (1, 0), 62202: (0, 2), 62216: (1, 2), 62230: (0, 126), 62244: (1, 126), 62258: (1, 2), 62272: (2, 2), 62286: (1, 0), 62300: (0, 127), 62314: (1, 1), 62328: (2, 2), 62342: (3, 126), 62356: (1, 127), 62370: (1, 0), 62384: (1, 0), 62398: (0, 127), 62412: (1, 127), 62426: (1, 1), 62440: (1, 0), 62454: (0, 127), 62468: (0, 127), 62482: (0, 2), 62496: (0, 0), 62510: (0, 127), 62524: (1, 127), 62538: (1, 2), 62552: (0, 0), 62566: (255, 126), 62580: (255, 127), 62594: (0, 2), 62608: (1, 1), 62622: (0, 127), 62636: (255, 127), 62650: (255, 2), 62664: (0, 0), 62678: (0, 127), 62692: (0, 127), 62706: (0, 2), 62720: (255, 0), 62734: (0, 127), 62748: (1, 127), 62762: (1, 126), 62776: (1, 2), 62790: (1, 127), 62804: (1, 127), 62818: (1, 2), 62832: (0, 4), 62846: (1, 0), 62860: (1, 0), 62874: (1, 127), 62888: (255, 2), 62902: (0, 0), 62916: (0, 127), 62930: (0, 127), 62944: (1, 0), 62958: (1, 4), 62972: (0, 0), 62986: (0, 0), 63000: (0, 0), 63014: (0, 3), 63028: (0, 0), 63042: (0, 0), 63056: (0, 0), 63070: (0, 0), 63084: (1, 2), 63098: (0, 127), 63112: (0, 1), 63126: (0, 0), 63140: (0, 4), 63154: (0, 0), 63168: (0, 126), 63182: (1, 126), 63196: (1, 2), 63210: (1, 125), 63224: (1, 125), 63238: (1, 126), 63252: (1, 1), 63266: (1, 126), 63280: (1, 125), 63294: (0, 124), 63308: (0, 1), 63322: (0, 127), 63336: (0, 127), 63350: (0, 126), 63364: (0, 0), 63378: (1, 125), 63392: (2, 124), 63406: (1, 123), 63420: (1, 125), 63434: (1, 124), 63448: (0, 125), 63462: (1, 125), 63476: (2, 127), 63490: (1, 127), 63504: (0, 126), 63518: (0, 126), 63532: (1, 127), 63546: (1, 2), 63560: (0, 127), 63574: (0, 127), 63588: (1, 0), 63602: (1, 4), 63616: (0, 0), 63630: (255, 127), 63644: (0, 0), 63658: (0, 4), 63672: (1, 1), 63686: (0, 0), 63700: (1, 0), 63714: (1, 3), 63728: (1, 127), 63742: (1, 126), 63756: (1, 125), 63770: (1, 0), 63784: (2, 124), 63798: (2, 123), 63812: (1, 123), 63826: (0, 1), 63840: (0, 127), 63854: (0, 127), 63868: (1, 127), 63882: (0, 3), 63896: (0, 127), 63910: (0, 127), 63924: (0, 0), 63938: (1, 4), 63952: (0, 0), 63966: (0, 0), 63980: (0, 127), 63994: (0, 4), 64008: (0, 0), 64022: (0, 127), 64036: (0, 127), 64050: (0, 4), 64064: (0, 0), 64078: (255, 127), 64092: (255, 127), 64106: (0, 3), 64120: (0, 0), 64134: (0, 0), 64148: (0, 0), 64162: (255, 3), 64176: (255, 0), 64190: (0, 0), 64204: (0, 127), 64218: (255, 1), 64232: (0, 1), 64246: (0, 126), 64260: (0, 126), 64274: (0, 127), 64288: (0, 3), 64302: (0, 0), 64316: (0, 127), 64330: (0, 0), 64344: (0, 1), 64358: (0, 1), 64372: (0, 0), 64386: (0, 127), 64400: (0, 127), 64414: (0, 4), 64428: (255, 127), 64442: (255, 0), 64456: (0, 127), 64470: (1, 4), 64484: (0, 1), 64498: (255, 0), 64512: (255, 0), 64526: (0, 1), 64540: (1, 3), 64554: (0, 0), 64568: (255, 0), 64582: (255, 127), 64596: (0, 3), 64610: (0, 0), 64624: (0, 0), 64638: (255, 0), 64652: (255, 4), 64666: (1, 2), 64680: (0, 0), 64694: (0, 127), 64708: (0, 0), 64722: (1, 2), 64736: (2, 1), 64750: (1, 1), 64764: (0, 0), 64778: (0, 4), 64792: (0, 1), 64806: (0, 0), 64820: (255, 0), 64834: (255, 4), 64848: (0, 0), 64862: (1, 0), 64876: (0, 0), 64890: (255, 3), 64904: (255, 0), 64918: (255, 127), 64932: (255, 127), 64946: (0, 2), 64960: (255, 127), 64974: (255, 127), 64988: (255, 0), 65002: (255, 3), 65016: (255, 1), 65030: (255, 127), 65044: (255, 127), 65058: (0, 4), 65072: (255, 0), 65086: (254, 127), 65100: (254, 127), 65114: (0, 3), 65128: (255, 0), 65142: (254, 127), 65156: (254, 127), 65170: (255, 2), 65184: (255, 0), 65198: (0, 0), 65212: (0, 1), 65226: (255, 0), 65240: (255, 3), 65254: (255, 0), 65268: (255, 0), 65282: (255, 0), 65296: (255, 4), 65310: (255, 1), 65324: (255, 1), 65338: (255, 1), 65352: (255, 4), 65366: (255, 0), 65380: (0, 1), 65394: (0, 1), 65408: (255, 4), 65422: (255, 1), 65436: (255, 0), 65450: (0, 0), 65464: (0, 2), 65478: (1, 1), 65492: (0, 0), 65506: (255, 0), 65520: (0, 2), 65534: (1, 3), 65548: (1, 0), 65562: (0, 0), 65576: (0, 2), 65590: (255, 2), 65604: (0, 0), 65618: (0, 0), 65632: (0, 2), 65646: (0, 1), 65660: (0, 0), 65674: (255, 127), 65688: (255, 2), 65702: (0, 0), 65716: (0, 0), 65730: (0, 0), 65744: (0, 3), 65758: (0, 127), 65772: (0, 126), 65786: (1, 126), 65800: (1, 3), 65814: (1, 127), 65828: (0, 0), 65842: (255, 127), 65856: (0, 4), 65870: (0, 0), 65884: (0, 0), 65898: (0, 0), 65912: (0, 4), 65926: (0, 1), 65940: (0, 0), 65954: (255, 0), 65968: (0, 4), 65982: (1, 0), 65996: (1, 127), 66010: (0, 126), 66024: (0, 2), 66038: (0, 126), 66052: (1, 126), 66066: (1, 126), 66080: (0, 3), 66094: (255, 127), 66108: (0, 127), 66122: (0, 127), 66136: (1, 4), 66150: (1, 0), 66164: (0, 127), 66178: (0, 127), 66192: (0, 4), 66206: (0, 127), 66220: (0, 127), 66234: (0, 127), 66248: (0, 4), 66262: (255, 0), 66276: (255, 127), 66290: (255, 127), 66304: (0, 2), 66318: (0, 1), 66332: (255, 0), 66346: (255, 127), 66360: (255, 127), 66374: (255, 3), 66388: (0, 127), 66402: (0, 127), 66416: (0, 127), 66430: (255, 1), 66444: (255, 1), 66458: (1, 0), 66472: (1, 0), 66486: (1, 127), 66500: (0, 3), 66514: (1, 0), 66528: (1, 0), 66542: (0, 127), 66556: (0, 0), 66570: (0, 2), 66584: (1, 0), 66598: (1, 0), 66612: (0, 127), 66626: (0, 3), 66640: (1, 1), 66654: (1, 0), 66668: (1, 0), 66682: (1, 2), 66696: (1, 0), 66710: (1, 127), 66724: (1, 0), 66738: (1, 1), 66752: (1, 2), 66766: (0, 0), 66780: (0, 127), 66794: (1, 127), 66808: (1, 3), 66822: (1, 0), 66836: (1, 127), 66850: (1, 127), 66864: (1, 3), 66878: (1, 127), 66892: (1, 127), 66906: (0, 126), 66920: (0, 2), 66934: (0, 127), 66948: (0, 127), 66962: (0, 126), 66976: (255, 2), 66990: (1, 1), 67004: (1, 0), 67018: (0, 127), 67032: (0, 0), 67046: (1, 0), 67060: (1, 126), 67074: (1, 125), 67088: (0, 126), 67102: (0, 3), 67116: (0, 127), 67130: (0, 127), 67144: (0, 127), 67158: (0, 3), 67172: (0, 127), 67186: (0, 127), 67200: (0, 127), 67214: (0, 3), 67228: (0, 127), 67242: (0, 127), 67256: (0, 127), 67270: (0, 3), 67284: (255, 127), 67298: (255, 126), 67312: (0, 126), 67326: (0, 3), 67340: (0, 127), 67354: (255, 126), 67368: (255, 126), 67382: (1, 4), 67396: (1, 0), 67410: (0, 127), 67424: (255, 127), 67438: (255, 127), 67452: (0, 2), 67466: (0, 0), 67480: (255, 127), 67494: (255, 127), 67508: (0, 4), 67522: (0, 0), 67536: (0, 127), 67550: (255, 126), 67564: (0, 0), 67578: (0, 0), 67592: (1, 127), 67606: (1, 125), 67620: (0, 125), 67634: (0, 0), 67648: (1, 126), 67662: (1, 126), 67676: (1, 126), 67690: (0, 1), 67704: (0, 127), 67718: (0, 126), 67732: (0, 127), 67746: (0, 126), 67760: (0, 3), 67774: (0, 0), 67788: (0, 127), 67802: (0, 126), 67816: (0, 1), 67830: (0, 127), 67844: (0, 126), 67858: (1, 126), 67872: (0, 125), 67886: (0, 1), 67900: (0, 126), 67914: (1, 126), 67928: (0, 125), 67942: (0, 2), 67956: (0, 127), 67970: (0, 126), 67984: (0, 127), 67998: (0, 127), 68012: (1, 1), 68026: (1, 0), 68040: (1, 127), 68054: (1, 127), 68068: (2, 3), 68082: (1, 0), 68096: (0, 127), 68110: (0, 0), 68124: (0, 4), 68138: (1, 0), 68152: (0, 127), 68166: (0, 127), 68180: (0, 2), 68194: (1, 1), 68208: (0, 127), 68222: (0, 127), 68236: (0, 127), 68250: (1, 4), 68264: (0, 0), 68278: (0, 0), 68292: (0, 127), 68306: (0, 3), 68320: (1, 1), 68334: (1, 127), 68348: (0, 127), 68362: (0, 3), 68376: (0, 0), 68390: (1, 127), 68404: (1, 126), 68418: (0, 1), 68432: (0, 0), 68446: (0, 0), 68460: (0, 127), 68474: (0, 0), 68488: (0, 2), 68502: (255, 0), 68516: (0, 0), 68530: (0, 0), 68544: (0, 4), 68558: (255, 0), 68572: (0, 127), 68586: (0, 0), 68600: (0, 4), 68614: (0, 1), 68628: (255, 127), 68642: (255, 0), 68656: (0, 2), 68670: (0, 2), 68684: (255, 0), 68698: (0, 0), 68712: (0, 0), 68726: (1, 3), 68740: (1, 1), 68754: (0, 127), 68768: (255, 127), 68782: (0, 4), 68796: (0, 0), 68810: (0, 0), 68824: (1, 0), 68838: (1, 4), 68852: (2, 2), 68866: (2, 1), 68880: (1, 1), 68894: (1, 4), 68908: (1, 1), 68922: (2, 1), 68936: (2, 1), 68950: (1, 4), 68964: (0, 0), 68978: (1, 1), 68992: (2, 1), 69006: (2, 4), 69020: (2, 2), 69034: (1, 0), 69048: (1, 1), 69062: (1, 3), 69076: (1, 1), 69090: (1, 0), 69104: (1, 1), 69118: (1, 1), 69132: (1, 3), 69146: (1, 0), 69160: (1, 127), 69174: (2, 0), 69188: (2, 5), 69202: (2, 1), 69216: (0, 127), 69230: (0, 127), 69244: (1, 4), 69258: (2, 1), 69272: (1, 0), 69286: (0, 0), 69300: (255, 127), 69314: (0, 4), 69328: (0, 0), 69342: (0, 0), 69356: (0, 127), 69370: (0, 3), 69384: (0, 0), 69398: (0, 127), 69412: (0, 127), 69426: (0, 2), 69440: (0, 1), 69454: (0, 0), 69468: (255, 127), 69482: (255, 0), 69496: (255, 1), 69510: (0, 127), 69524: (0, 127), 69538: (0, 0), 69552: (255, 1), 69566: (254, 127), 69580: (255, 127), 69594: (0, 127), 69608: (0, 2), 69622: (255, 127), 69636: (255, 127), 69650: (255, 127), 69664: (255, 4), 69678: (255, 127), 69692: (255, 127), 69706: (255, 127), 69720: (255, 127), 69734: (255, 3), 69748: (255, 127), 69762: (255, 127), 69776: (0, 127), 69790: (255, 127), 69804: (0, 3), 69818: (255, 0), 69832: (255, 127), 69846: (0, 127), 69860: (0, 0), 69874: (0, 4), 69888: (255, 0), 69902: (255, 0), 69916: (0, 0), 69930: (0, 0), 69944: (0, 3), 69958: (255, 0), 69972: (255, 0), 69986: (255, 127), 70000: (0, 1), 70014: (0, 2), 70028: (0, 0), 70042: (0, 0), 70056: (255, 0), 70070: (255, 3), 70084: (255, 0), 70098: (0, 127), 70112: (0, 127), 70126: (0, 127), 70140: (255, 1), 70154: (255, 1), 70168: (255, 0), 70182: (1, 1), 70196: (0, 0), 70210: (0, 4), 70224: (255, 0), 70238: (255, 1), 70252: (0, 0), 70266: (0, 5), 70280: (0, 1), 70294: (255, 0), 70308: (255, 0), 70322: (0, 5), 70336: (0, 1), 70350: (0, 0), 70364: (255, 0), 70378: (0, 5), 70392: (0, 1), 70406: (0, 0), 70420: (0, 1), 70434: (0, 4), 70448: (1, 1), 70462: (0, 0), 70476: (255, 0), 70490: (255, 2), 70504: (0, 1), 70518: (0, 0), 70532: (0, 1), 70546: (0, 1), 70560: (255, 127), 70574: (255, 127), 70588: (0, 3), 70602: (0, 0), 70616: (255, 127), 70630: (255, 127), 70644: (255, 4), 70658: (0, 0), 70672: (255, 127), 70686: (255, 127), 70700: (0, 3), 70714: (0, 0), 70728: (0, 0), 70742: (255, 1), 70756: (0, 2), 70770: (1, 126), 70784: (1, 127), 70798: (0, 1), 70812: (1, 2), 70826: (1, 0), 70840: (1, 1), 70854: (1, 0), 70868: (0, 3), 70882: (0, 0), 70896: (0, 127), 70910: (0, 0), 70924: (0, 4), 70938: (0, 0), 70952: (255, 0), 70966: (255, 0), 70980: (1, 5), 70994: (0, 1), 71008: (0, 0), 71022: (0, 0), 71036: (255, 4), 71050: (0, 1), 71064: (0, 0), 71078: (0, 127), 71092: (0, 4), 71106: (0, 1), 71120: (0, 0), 71134: (0, 0), 71148: (0, 5), 71162: (0, 0), 71176: (0, 127), 71190: (0, 127), 71204: (0, 3), 71218: (0, 127), 71232: (0, 126), 71246: (0, 125), 71260: (0, 0), 71274: (0, 125), 71288: (0, 125), 71302: (255, 126), 71316: (0, 1), 71330: (0, 0), 71344: (0, 127), 71358: (0, 127), 71372: (1, 1), 71386: (1, 0), 71400: (0, 127), 71414: (0, 127), 71428: (0, 127), 71442: (0, 2), 71456: (1, 127), 71470: (0, 126), 71484: (0, 126), 71498: (0, 2), 71512: (1, 127), 71526: (1, 127), 71540: (0, 126), 71554: (0, 3), 71568: (0, 127), 71582: (1, 0), 71596: (0, 127), 71610: (0, 3), 71624: (0, 127), 71638: (0, 127), 71652: (0, 127), 71666: (0, 3), 71680: (0, 0), 71694: (0, 0), 71708: (0, 127), 71722: (0, 3), 71736: (0, 0), 71750: (255, 127), 71764: (0, 127), 71778: (1, 2), 71792: (1, 0), 71806: (0, 127), 71820: (0, 126), 71834: (0, 1), 71848: (1, 1), 71862: (1, 127), 71876: (1, 126), 71890: (0, 127), 71904: (1, 1), 71918: (0, 127), 71932: (0, 127), 71946: (0, 127), 71960: (0, 3), 71974: (255, 127), 71988: (255, 127), 72002: (0, 127), 72016: (0, 4), 72030: (255, 127), 72044: (255, 0), 72058: (0, 0), 72072: (0, 5), 72086: (255, 0), 72100: (255, 0), 72114: (0, 0), 72128: (0, 4), 72142: (0, 0), 72156: (255, 0), 72170: (0, 0), 72184: (0, 1), 72198: (0, 2), 72212: (0, 0), 72226: (255, 0), 72240: (0, 0), 72254: (0, 4), 72268: (255, 0), 72282: (255, 127), 72296: (255, 126), 72310: (0, 0), 72324: (1, 0), 72338: (255, 127), 72352: (255, 127), 72366: (255, 0), 72380: (0, 4), 72394: (0, 0), 72408: (255, 0), 72422: (254, 127), 72436: (255, 5), 72450: (0, 1), 72464: (0, 1), 72478: (255, 0), 72492: (255, 3), 72506: (255, 2), 72520: (255, 0), 72534: (255, 127), 72548: (0, 0), 72562: (0, 3), 72576: (0, 0), 72590: (0, 1), 72604: (0, 0), 72618: (0, 5), 72632: (0, 0), 72646: (0, 1), 72660: (0, 0), 72674: (255, 3), 72688: (255, 0), 72702: (255, 127), 72716: (0, 127), 72730: (0, 3), 72744: (255, 0), 72758: (254, 127), 72772: (254, 127), 72786: (255, 1), 72800: (0, 2), 72814: (255, 127), 72828: (255, 127), 72842: (255, 127), 72856: (255, 3), 72870: (255, 127), 72884: (255, 127), 72898: (255, 127), 72912: (255, 4), 72926: (255, 127), 72940: (254, 127), 72954: (255, 127), 72968: (255, 127), 72982: (0, 3), 72996: (255, 0), 73010: (254, 127), 73024: (254, 127), 73038: (255, 2), 73052: (0, 1), 73066: (0, 0), 73080: (0, 0), 73094: (255, 0), 73108: (255, 4), 73122: (0, 1), 73136: (0, 0), 73150: (255, 0), 73164: (255, 0), 73178: (0, 4), 73192: (255, 1), 73206: (255, 0), 73220: (0, 1), 73234: (0, 0), 73248: (0, 3), 73262: (255, 1), 73276: (255, 0), 73290: (255, 1), 73304: (0, 4), 73318: (0, 2), 73332: (255, 0), 73346: (255, 1), 73360: (255, 127), 73374: (0, 4), 73388: (0, 1), 73402: (0, 0), 73416: (0, 127), 73430: (255, 127), 73444: (0, 2), 73458: (0, 0), 73472: (255, 0), 73486: (0, 0), 73500: (0, 4), 73514: (0, 1), 73528: (255, 0), 73542: (255, 0), 73556: (255, 5), 73570: (0, 1), 73584: (0, 0), 73598: (255, 0), 73612: (255, 5), 73626: (255, 1), 73640: (0, 0), 73654: (0, 0), 73668: (0, 5), 73682: (255, 1), 73696: (255, 0), 73710: (255, 0), 73724: (0, 4), 73738: (0, 0), 73752: (255, 127), 73766: (254, 127), 73780: (255, 2), 73794: (255, 0), 73808: (255, 127), 73822: (255, 127), 73836: (255, 2), 73850: (255, 0), 73864: (255, 127), 73878: (255, 127), 73892: (0, 3), 73906: (0, 0), 73920: (255, 0), 73934: (255, 127), 73948: (255, 4), 73962: (255, 0), 73976: (255, 0), 73990: (255, 127), 74004: (255, 3), 74018: (254, 127), 74032: (254, 127), 74046: (255, 0), 74060: (0, 3), 74074: (0, 2), 74088: (255, 0), 74102: (255, 0), 74116: (255, 0), 74130: (0, 3), 74144: (0, 1), 74158: (0, 0), 74172: (0, 0), 74186: (255, 5), 74200: (255, 1), 74214: (255, 0), 74228: (255, 0), 74242: (255, 1), 74256: (0, 3), 74270: (0, 1), 74284: (255, 1), 74298: (255, 0), 74312: (0, 5), 74326: (0, 1), 74340: (0, 1), 74354: (255, 0), 74368: (255, 3), 74382: (1, 2), 74396: (0, 1), 74410: (255, 0), 74424: (255, 1), 74438: (0, 3), 74452: (0, 1), 74466: (255, 0), 74480: (255, 0), 74494: (0, 5), 74508: (1, 2), 74522: (1, 0), 74536: (1, 0), 74550: (0, 4), 74564: (1, 1), 74578: (1, 1), 74592: (1, 1), 74606: (0, 3), 74620: (0, 1), 74634: (1, 1), 74648: (1, 1), 74662: (1, 4), 74676: (0, 1), 74690: (0, 127), 74704: (0, 127), 74718: (1, 3), 74732: (1, 1), 74746: (1, 0), 74760: (0, 127), 74774: (0, 2), 74788: (1, 127), 74802: (1, 127), 74816: (1, 127), 74830: (0, 3), 74844: (1, 0), 74858: (1, 127), 74872: (1, 126), 74886: (255, 2), 74900: (0, 0), 74914: (0, 127), 74928: (0, 127), 74942: (255, 3), 74956: (255, 127), 74970: (0, 127), 74984: (0, 127), 74998: (0, 4), 75012: (0, 127), 75026: (255, 0), 75040: (0, 0), 75054: (0, 4), 75068: (0, 1), 75082: (0, 0), 75096: (0, 0), 75110: (0, 5), 75124: (0, 0), 75138: (255, 127), 75152: (255, 0), 75166: (0, 5), 75180: (0, 1), 75194: (0, 0), 75208: (255, 127), 75222: (0, 5), 75236: (0, 1), 75250: (0, 1), 75264: (0, 1), 75278: (255, 4), 75292: (0, 0), 75306: (0, 0), 75320: (0, 0), 75334: (255, 4), 75348: (255, 0), 75362: (255, 127), 75376: (255, 127), 75390: (0, 4), 75404: (0, 0), 75418: (255, 127), 75432: (0, 127), 75446: (0, 3), 75460: (255, 0), 75474: (255, 127), 75488: (255, 127), 75502: (0, 4), 75516: (0, 1), 75530: (0, 0), 75544: (0, 127), 75558: (0, 2), 75572: (1, 3), 75586: (1, 1), 75600: (1, 0), 75614: (0, 1), 75628: (1, 2), 75642: (0, 126), 75656: (0, 127), 75670: (0, 127), 75684: (0, 4), 75698: (0, 1), 75712: (0, 0), 75726: (0, 0), 75740: (0, 3), 75754: (0, 0), 75768: (1, 0), 75782: (0, 127), 75796: (0, 127), 75810: (0, 4), 75824: (0, 0), 75838: (0, 0), 75852: (0, 0), 75866: (255, 5), 75880: (255, 0), 75894: (255, 0), 75908: (0, 0), 75922: (0, 5), 75936: (0, 1), 75950: (255, 0), 75964: (255, 0), 75978: (0, 4), 75992: (1, 0), 76006: (1, 127), 76020: (0, 126), 76034: (0, 2), 76048: (0, 126), 76062: (0, 125), 76076: (0, 126), 76090: (0, 2), 76104: (1, 0), 76118: (0, 127), 76132: (0, 127), 76146: (255, 1), 76160: (0, 0), 76174: (1, 0), 76188: (0, 127), 76202: (0, 2), 76216: (255, 0), 76230: (255, 127), 76244: (0, 127), 76258: (1, 2), 76272: (1, 0), 76286: (0, 127), 76300: (1, 0), 76314: (0, 2), 76328: (1, 0), 76342: (1, 127), 76356: (2, 0), 76370: (1, 3), 76384: (1, 1), 76398: (0, 0), 76412: (0, 127), 76426: (1, 3), 76440: (1, 1), 76454: (0, 0), 76468: (0, 126), 76482: (0, 4), 76496: (0, 127), 76510: (0, 127), 76524: (0, 127), 76538: (0, 3), 76552: (255, 127), 76566: (255, 127), 76580: (0, 0), 76594: (0, 1), 76608: (0, 127), 76622: (255, 127), 76636: (255, 3), 76650: (0, 0), 76664: (0, 127), 76678: (255, 126), 76692: (0, 4), 76706: (0, 0), 76720: (0, 127), 76734: (255, 126), 76748: (0, 4), 76762: (0, 127), 76776: (0, 1), 76790: (0, 0), 76804: (255, 4), 76818: (255, 0), 76832: (255, 0), 76846: (0, 0), 76860: (0, 4), 76874: (0, 0), 76888: (0, 0), 76902: (0, 0), 76916: (0, 3), 76930: (0, 1), 76944: (0, 0), 76958: (0, 127), 76972: (0, 2), 76986: (0, 2), 77000: (255, 0), 77014: (0, 0), 77028: (0, 0), 77042: (0, 4), 77056: (0, 1), 77070: (255, 0), 77084: (255, 127), 77098: (0, 5), 77112: (0, 1), 77126: (0, 0), 77140: (255, 0), 77154: (255, 3), 77168: (0, 1), 77182: (0, 0), 77196: (0, 127), 77210: (0, 3), 77224: (255, 1), 77238: (255, 0), 77252: (0, 0), 77266: (0, 3), 77280: (0, 1), 77294: (0, 0), 77308: (0, 127), 77322: (0, 2), 77336: (1, 126), 77350: (0, 125), 77364: (1, 125), 77378: (2, 0), 77392: (1, 123), 77406: (1, 122), 77420: (0, 123), 77434: (1, 2), 77448: (1, 127), 77462: (1, 127), 77476: (0, 126), 77490: (0, 1), 77504: (1, 127), 77518: (2, 127), 77532: (2, 1), 77546: (1, 1), 77560: (1, 127), 77574: (1, 127), 77588: (1, 2), 77602: (0, 0), 77616: (0, 127), 77630: (0, 127), 77644: (1, 3), 77658: (0, 127), 77672: (0, 126), 77686: (0, 126), 77700: (1, 4), 77714: (1, 126), 77728: (0, 125), 77742: (0, 125), 77756: (1, 1), 77770: (0, 126), 77784: (0, 126), 77798: (1, 0), 77812: (1, 0), 77826: (255, 126), 77840: (0, 126), 77854: (1, 3), 77868: (0, 0), 77882: (0, 127), 77896: (0, 127), 77910: (1, 4), 77924: (1, 0), 77938: (0, 127), 77952: (0, 127), 77966: (1, 4), 77980: (0, 0), 77994: (0, 127), 78008: (0, 127), 78022: (1, 3), 78036: (0, 0), 78050: (0, 0), 78064: (0, 1), 78078: (0, 0), 78092: (0, 126), 78106: (1, 0), 78120: (1, 3), 78134: (0, 1), 78148: (0, 0), 78162: (0, 0), 78176: (0, 4), 78190: (1, 1), 78204: (1, 1), 78218: (0, 0), 78232: (0, 5), 78246: (0, 1), 78260: (0, 127), 78274: (255, 0), 78288: (0, 4), 78302: (0, 1), 78316: (255, 127), 78330: (255, 127), 78344: (255, 3), 78358: (0, 127), 78372: (0, 127), 78386: (0, 127), 78400: (0, 2), 78414: (255, 126), 78428: (255, 126), 78442: (0, 1), 78456: (0, 0), 78470: (255, 127), 78484: (254, 126), 78498: (0, 3), 78512: (1, 127), 78526: (0, 127), 78540: (0, 126), 78554: (0, 5), 78568: (1, 1), 78582: (0, 127), 78596: (255, 127), 78610: (0, 5), 78624: (0, 0), 78638: (0, 0), 78652: (0, 0), 78666: (0, 3), 78680: (0, 0), 78694: (0, 0), 78708: (0, 0), 78722: (0, 4), 78736: (255, 127), 78750: (255, 0), 78764: (255, 0), 78778: (0, 3), 78792: (0, 0), 78806: (255, 127), 78820: (255, 0), 78834: (0, 3), 78848: (0, 0), 78862: (0, 0), 78876: (0, 127), 78890: (0, 2), 78904: (0, 0), 78918: (0, 127), 78932: (255, 0), 78946: (255, 1), 78960: (0, 127), 78974: (0, 127), 78988: (0, 1), 79002: (255, 0), 79016: (255, 127), 79030: (255, 127), 79044: (0, 1), 79058: (0, 0), 79072: (0, 0), 79086: (0, 127), 79100: (0, 0), 79114: (1, 2), 79128: (1, 1), 79142: (0, 127), 79156: (0, 2), 79170: (0, 1), 79184: (0, 127), 79198: (0, 127), 79212: (0, 1), 79226: (0, 2), 79240: (0, 1), 79254: (0, 0), 79268: (0, 1), 79282: (1, 1), 79296: (1, 127), 79310: (2, 0), 79324: (1, 126), 79338: (1, 2), 79352: (1, 0), 79366: (1, 0), 79380: (1, 127), 79394: (1, 3), 79408: (0, 127), 79422: (0, 127), 79436: (0, 127), 79450: (0, 3), 79464: (0, 0), 79478: (0, 127), 79492: (0, 0), 79506: (1, 2), 79520: (0, 127), 79534: (255, 126), 79548: (0, 1), 79562: (1, 1), 79576: (0, 127), 79590: (255, 127), 79604: (255, 2), 79618: (0, 0), 79632: (1, 127), 79646: (1, 127), 79660: (0, 2), 79674: (0, 126), 79688: (255, 126), 79702: (0, 126), 79716: (1, 3), 79730: (0, 127), 79744: (255, 126), 79758: (255, 127), 79772: (0, 4), 79786: (1, 0), 79800: (0, 127), 79814: (0, 127), 79828: (1, 3), 79842: (0, 0), 79856: (0, 127), 79870: (0, 0), 79884: (0, 0), 79898: (0, 127), 79912: (0, 127), 79926: (0, 1), 79940: (255, 1), 79954: (255, 127), 79968: (0, 127), 79982: (0, 127), 79996: (0, 2), 80010: (255, 127), 80024: (254, 126), 80038: (255, 126), 80052: (0, 0), 80066: (0, 0), 80080: (255, 127), 80094: (255, 127), 80108: (255, 126), 80122: (255, 126), 80136: (0, 2), 80150: (0, 127), 80164: (0, 127), 80178: (0, 127), 80192: (0, 127), 80206: (0, 3), 80220: (0, 0), 80234: (0, 0), 80248: (0, 127), 80262: (0, 1), 80276: (255, 1), 80290: (0, 0), 80304: (1, 0), 80318: (1, 0), 80332: (0, 3), 80346: (0, 126), 80360: (0, 126), 80374: (0, 126), 80388: (1, 0), 80402: (0, 0), 80416: (0, 127), 80430: (0, 127), 80444: (0, 0), 80458: (0, 3), 80472: (0, 127), 80486: (0, 127), 80500: (0, 127), 80514: (0, 2), 80528: (0, 0), 80542: (0, 0), 80556: (1, 0), 80570: (2, 0), 80584: (2, 3), 80598: (1, 126), 80612: (1, 125), 80626: (1, 126), 80640: (2, 2), 80654: (2, 127), 80668: (1, 126), 80682: (0, 126), 80696: (0, 0), 80710: (1, 1), 80724: (1, 127), 80738: (0, 126), 80752: (0, 126), 80766: (0, 1), 80780: (0, 126), 80794: (0, 125), 80808: (0, 125), 80822: (1, 1), 80836: (0, 126), 80850: (0, 125), 80864: (255, 125), 80878: (0, 0), 80892: (0, 126), 80906: (0, 126), 80920: (0, 126), 80934: (0, 0), 80948: (255, 126), 80962: (0, 126), 80976: (0, 127), 80990: (0, 1), 81004: (0, 126), 81018: (255, 126), 81032: (255, 126), 81046: (0, 2), 81060: (0, 127), 81074: (0, 126), 81088: (0, 127), 81102: (0, 3), 81116: (0, 0), 81130: (255, 126), 81144: (255, 127), 81158: (0, 1), 81172: (0, 1), 81186: (255, 127), 81200: (0, 0), 81214: (0, 127), 81228: (0, 3), 81242: (0, 0), 81256: (1, 0), 81270: (1, 126), 81284: (0, 1), 81298: (1, 0), 81312: (1, 127), 81326: (1, 127), 81340: (0, 127), 81354: (0, 2), 81368: (0, 0), 81382: (0, 0), 81396: (0, 127), 81410: (0, 3), 81424: (0, 0), 81438: (0, 0), 81452: (0, 127), 81466: (0, 0), 81480: (0, 0), 81494: (0, 127), 81508: (1, 126), 81522: (1, 125), 81536: (0, 2), 81550: (0, 127), 81564: (0, 126), 81578: (0, 126), 81592: (0, 2), 81606: (0, 127), 81620: (0, 126), 81634: (0, 126), 81648: (0, 2), 81662: (1, 0), 81676: (0, 127), 81690: (0, 127), 81704: (255, 1), 81718: (0, 0), 81732: (0, 127), 81746: (255, 126), 81760: (255, 126), 81774: (0, 2), 81788: (255, 127), 81802: (0, 127), 81816: (1, 127), 81830: (1, 3), 81844: (1, 0), 81858: (1, 127), 81872: (255, 127), 81886: (0, 1), 81900: (0, 1), 81914: (0, 127), 81928: (0, 127), 81942: (0, 127), 81956: (0, 2), 81970: (0, 1), 81984: (1, 0), 81998: (0, 127), 82012: (0, 3), 82026: (0, 0), 82040: (0, 127), 82054: (0, 0), 82068: (0, 1), 82082: (0, 1), 82096: (0, 0), 82110: (0, 0), 82124: (0, 0), 82138: (0, 2), 82152: (0, 127), 82166: (0, 0), 82180: (0, 0), 82194: (0, 3), 82208: (0, 0), 82222: (0, 127), 82236: (0, 127), 82250: (0, 0), 82264: (0, 0), 82278: (255, 127), 82292: (255, 127), 82306: (0, 127), 82320: (0, 2), 82334: (255, 127), 82348: (0, 127), 82362: (1, 0), 82376: (1, 5), 82390: (1, 0), 82404: (1, 126), 82418: (1, 127), 82432: (1, 3), 82446: (2, 0), 82460: (2, 126), 82474: (2, 127), 82488: (0, 3), 82502: (2, 127), 82516: (2, 127), 82530: (1, 127), 82544: (0, 3), 82558: (0, 127), 82572: (1, 0), 82586: (0, 0), 82600: (0, 4), 82614: (0, 0), 82628: (1, 0), 82642: (0, 0), 82656: (0, 3), 82670: (0, 0), 82684: (0, 0), 82698: (0, 127), 82712: (0, 3), 82726: (0, 0), 82740: (0, 127), 82754: (255, 127), 82768: (0, 2), 82782: (0, 127), 82796: (0, 127), 82810: (255, 127), 82824: (0, 1), 82838: (0, 127), 82852: (0, 127), 82866: (255, 127), 82880: (255, 0), 82894: (255, 126), 82908: (0, 127), 82922: (0, 1), 82936: (255, 0), 82950: (0, 127), 82964: (0, 127), 82978: (0, 2), 82992: (0, 0), 83006: (255, 127), 83020: (255, 126), 83034: (0, 2), 83048: (0, 0), 83062: (0, 127), 83076: (255, 127), 83090: (0, 2), 83104: (1, 1), 83118: (255, 127), 83132: (255, 0), 83146: (255, 1), 83160: (0, 2), 83174: (0, 0), 83188: (0, 127), 83202: (0, 0), 83216: (0, 3), 83230: (0, 1), 83244: (1, 0), 83258: (1, 127), 83272: (2, 4), 83286: (1, 1), 83300: (1, 0), 83314: (1, 0), 83328: (1, 4), 83342: (0, 127), 83356: (0, 127), 83370: (0, 127), 83384: (0, 2), 83398: (255, 1), 83412: (0, 0), 83426: (0, 127), 83440: (1, 3), 83454: (0, 1), 83468: (255, 127), 83482: (255, 127), 83496: (0, 2), 83510: (1, 0), 83524: (0, 127), 83538: (255, 126), 83552: (255, 0), 83566: (0, 126), 83580: (0, 125), 83594: (0, 125), 83608: (255, 127), 83622: (0, 0), 83636: (0, 127), 83650: (255, 127), 83664: (255, 1), 83678: (0, 0), 83692: (0, 127), 83706: (0, 127), 83720: (255, 126), 83734: (255, 1), 83748: (254, 126), 83762: (255, 126), 83776: (0, 127), 83790: (0, 3), 83804: (255, 127), 83818: (255, 126), 83832: (255, 126), 83846: (0, 127), 83860: (0, 3), 83874: (0, 126), 83888: (0, 126), 83902: (1, 126), 83916: (1, 127), 83930: (1, 3), 83944: (2, 1), 83958: (1, 0), 83972: (1, 127), 83986: (0, 0), 84000: (0, 1), 84014: (0, 127), 84028: (0, 127), 84042: (1, 0), 84056: (0, 2), 84070: (255, 1), 84084: (255, 0), 84098: (0, 0), 84112: (1, 0), 84126: (0, 4), 84140: (0, 0), 84154: (255, 127), 84168: (0, 0), 84182: (1, 1), 84196: (0, 1), 84210: (0, 0), 84224: (0, 0), 84238: (0, 127), 84252: (0, 3), 84266: (0, 0), 84280: (1, 0), 84294: (1, 0), 84308: (0, 2), 84322: (0, 0), 84336: (0, 127), 84350: (0, 127), 84364: (1, 0), 84378: (1, 2), 84392: (1, 127), 84406: (0, 0), 84420: (1, 0), 84434: (1, 3), 84448: (2, 1), 84462: (1, 0), 84476: (0, 127), 84490: (1, 4), 84504: (0, 0), 84518: (0, 0), 84532: (0, 127), 84546: (0, 3), 84560: (0, 1), 84574: (0, 127), 84588: (0, 127), 84602: (0, 1), 84616: (1, 1), 84630: (0, 0), 84644: (0, 127), 84658: (0, 1), 84672: (0, 0), 84686: (1, 1), 84700: (1, 127), 84714: (1, 0), 84728: (1, 0), 84742: (0, 127), 84756: (1, 127), 84770: (1, 127), 84784: (1, 1), 84798: (1, 126), 84812: (255, 125), 84826: (255, 127), 84840: (0, 3), 84854: (1, 0), 84868: (1, 127), 84882: (0, 126), 84896: (1, 2), 84910: (1, 127), 84924: (2, 126), 84938: (1, 126), 84952: (1, 3), 84966: (2, 127), 84980: (1, 127), 84994: (0, 126), 85008: (0, 2), 85022: (1, 0), 85036: (1, 127), 85050: (0, 0), 85064: (0, 2), 85078: (0, 0), 85092: (0, 127), 85106: (0, 127), 85120: (1, 3), 85134: (0, 0), 85148: (0, 127), 85162: (0, 127), 85176: (0, 1), 85190: (1, 0), 85204: (1, 127), 85218: (0, 127), 85232: (1, 2), 85246: (1, 1), 85260: (0, 126), 85274: (0, 125), 85288: (1, 126), 85302: (1, 2), 85316: (1, 127), 85330: (255, 127), 85344: (255, 127), 85358: (0, 3), 85372: (1, 0), 85386: (0, 0), 85400: (0, 127), 85414: (0, 4), 85428: (0, 0), 85442: (0, 0), 85456: (0, 0), 85470: (0, 3), 85484: (0, 1), 85498: (0, 0), 85512: (0, 0), 85526: (0, 3), 85540: (0, 0), 85554: (0, 0), 85568: (0, 0), 85582: (0, 1), 85596: (1, 0), 85610: (1, 127), 85624: (0, 125), 85638: (0, 125), 85652: (0, 3), 85666: (0, 127), 85680: (0, 127), 85694: (0, 127), 85708: (1, 1), 85722: (1, 127), 85736: (0, 126), 85750: (0, 127), 85764: (1, 2), 85778: (1, 2), 85792: (0, 127), 85806: (0, 127), 85820: (0, 127), 85834: (0, 2), 85848: (0, 0), 85862: (0, 127), 85876: (255, 127), 85890: (0, 3), 85904: (0, 0), 85918: (1, 0), 85932: (0, 0), 85946: (0, 4), 85960: (0, 1), 85974: (0, 0), 85988: (0, 0), 86002: (0, 4), 86016: (255, 1), 86030: (0, 0), 86044: (0, 0), 86058: (0, 3), 86072: (255, 1), 86086: (255, 0), 86100: (0, 1), 86114: (0, 2), 86128: (0, 2), 86142: (0, 127), 86156: (0, 0), 86170: (0, 127), 86184: (0, 3), 86198: (0, 0), 86212: (0, 0), 86226: (0, 0), 86240: (0, 4), 86254: (0, 1), 86268: (0, 0), 86282: (0, 0), 86296: (0, 4), 86310: (0, 1), 86324: (0, 127), 86338: (255, 127), 86352: (0, 3), 86366: (0, 0), 86380: (0, 127), 86394: (255, 126), 86408: (0, 1), 86422: (0, 127), 86436: (0, 127), 86450: (1, 127), 86464: (0, 2), 86478: (0, 0), 86492: (255, 127), 86506: (0, 127), 86520: (0, 0), 86534: (0, 1), 86548: (0, 0), 86562: (0, 127), 86576: (0, 1), 86590: (0, 2), 86604: (0, 127), 86618: (2, 127), 86632: (2, 0), 86646: (2, 3), 86660: (1, 0), 86674: (1, 126), 86688: (1, 126), 86702: (3, 2), 86716: (2, 0), 86730: (0, 127), 86744: (0, 126), 86758: (255, 4), 86772: (0, 0), 86786: (0, 127), 86800: (0, 127), 86814: (0, 4), 86828: (0, 0), 86842: (0, 0), 86856: (255, 127), 86870: (255, 2), 86884: (1, 2), 86898: (2, 1), 86912: (1, 0), 86926: (0, 0), 86940: (1, 0), 86954: (2, 1), 86968: (2, 0), 86982: (1, 127), 86996: (1, 2), 87010: (1, 127), 87024: (0, 127), 87038: (0, 127), 87052: (0, 3), 87066: (0, 127), 87080: (1, 0), 87094: (0, 127), 87108: (0, 3), 87122: (0, 0), 87136: (0, 0), 87150: (0, 127), 87164: (1, 4), 87178: (0, 0), 87192: (255, 127), 87206: (255, 127), 87220: (0, 3), 87234: (0, 0), 87248: (0, 0), 87262: (0, 127), 87276: (0, 3), 87290: (0, 0), 87304: (0, 127), 87318: (0, 126), 87332: (0, 2), 87346: (0, 127), 87360: (0, 127), 87374: (0, 127), 87388: (0, 2), 87402: (0, 1), 87416: (0, 0), 87430: (0, 0), 87444: (0, 2), 87458: (255, 1), 87472: (255, 127), 87486: (0, 127), 87500: (0, 127), 87514: (0, 4), 87528: (255, 0), 87542: (255, 127), 87556: (255, 127), 87570: (0, 1), 87584: (0, 2), 87598: (255, 0), 87612: (255, 0), 87626: (0, 0), 87640: (0, 2), 87654: (0, 1), 87668: (255, 0), 87682: (0, 0), 87696: (0, 0), 87710: (0, 3), 87724: (0, 0), 87738: (0, 127), 87752: (0, 127), 87766: (0, 127), 87780: (0, 4), 87794: (0, 0), 87808: (0, 127), 87822: (1, 127), 87836: (1, 127), 87850: (0, 2), 87864: (255, 126), 87878: (255, 126), 87892: (0, 126), 87906: (0, 0), 87920: (0, 0), 87934: (255, 126), 87948: (255, 126), 87962: (0, 126), 87976: (0, 4), 87990: (0, 1), 88004: (0, 0), 88018: (1, 127), 88032: (0, 126), 88046: (1, 1), 88060: (1, 127), 88074: (1, 127), 88088: (2, 0), 88102: (1, 2), 88116: (0, 0), 88130: (0, 127), 88144: (0, 0), 88158: (0, 127), 88172: (1, 4), 88186: (0, 0), 88200: (255, 127), 88214: (0, 127), 88228: (0, 1), 88242: (1, 2), 88256: (0, 0), 88270: (0, 0), 88284: (0, 0), 88298: (0, 4), 88312: (1, 1), 88326: (1, 0), 88340: (0, 0), 88354: (0, 1), 88368: (1, 1), 88382: (0, 127), 88396: (0, 127), 88410: (0, 126), 88424: (1, 4), 88438: (0, 0), 88452: (255, 127), 88466: (255, 126), 88480: (0, 3), 88494: (0, 0), 88508: (0, 127), 88522: (255, 126), 88536: (254, 1), 88550: (255, 0), 88564: (0, 127), 88578: (0, 127), 88592: (0, 0), 88606: (0, 2), 88620: (0, 127), 88634: (0, 127), 88648: (1, 0), 88662: (1, 2), 88676: (1, 1), 88690: (1, 0), 88704: (0, 0), 88718: (255, 3), 88732: (255, 0), 88746: (0, 127), 88760: (1, 0), 88774: (1, 4), 88788: (0, 0), 88802: (255, 127), 88816: (0, 0), 88830: (0, 3), 88844: (1, 1), 88858: (1, 1), 88872: (255, 0), 88886: (255, 1), 88900: (0, 2), 88914: (1, 1), 88928: (0, 0), 88942: (255, 0), 88956: (0, 4), 88970: (255, 1), 88984: (0, 0), 88998: (0, 0), 89012: (0, 4), 89026: (1, 2), 89040: (0, 0), 89054: (255, 0), 89068: (255, 3), 89082: (0, 2), 89096: (0, 0), 89110: (1, 0), 89124: (0, 1), 89138: (255, 2), 89152: (0, 0), 89166: (0, 0), 89180: (0, 0), 89194: (0, 3), 89208: (254, 127), 89222: (255, 127), 89236: (0, 127), 89250: (0, 3), 89264: (255, 127), 89278: (255, 127), 89292: (0, 127), 89306: (0, 4), 89320: (255, 127), 89334: (255, 127), 89348: (255, 127), 89362: (255, 3), 89376: (0, 127), 89390: (255, 127), 89404: (0, 126), 89418: (0, 1), 89432: (0, 127), 89446: (255, 126), 89460: (255, 127), 89474: (255, 126), 89488: (0, 3), 89502: (0, 0), 89516: (255, 127), 89530: (255, 127), 89544: (255, 0), 89558: (0, 2), 89572: (0, 1), 89586: (0, 0), 89600: (255, 0), 89614: (0, 3), 89628: (0, 0), 89642: (0, 0), 89656: (0, 127), 89670: (0, 0), 89684: (0, 3), 89698: (0, 0), 89712: (0, 0), 89726: (0, 127), 89740: (255, 2), 89754: (0, 0), 89768: (0, 0), 89782: (0, 0), 89796: (255, 127), 89810: (0, 3), 89824: (2, 1), 89838: (2, 127), 89852: (1, 127), 89866: (1, 0), 89880: (2, 1), 89894: (2, 126), 89908: (3, 127), 89922: (2, 127), 89936: (1, 2), 89950: (1, 0), 89964: (1, 127), 89978: (1, 127), 89992: (1, 3), 90006: (1, 0), 90020: (2, 0), 90034: (1, 0), 90048: (1, 3), 90062: (1, 1), 90076: (1, 0), 90090: (1, 0), 90104: (2, 3), 90118: (1, 1), 90132: (1, 0), 90146: (1, 0), 90160: (1, 2), 90174: (1, 1), 90188: (1, 0), 90202: (0, 127), 90216: (0, 1), 90230: (1, 0), 90244: (1, 127), 90258: (1, 127), 90272: (0, 127), 90286: (1, 1), 90300: (0, 127), 90314: (0, 127), 90328: (0, 127), 90342: (0, 1), 90356: (1, 127), 90370: (0, 127), 90384: (0, 127), 90398: (0, 2), 90412: (0, 127), 90426: (1, 127), 90440: (1, 126), 90454: (1, 1), 90468: (1, 127), 90482: (1, 127), 90496: (1, 127), 90510: (1, 4), 90524: (1, 0), 90538: (1, 127), 90552: (0, 127), 90566: (0, 3), 90580: (1, 1), 90594: (0, 0), 90608: (1, 127), 90622: (1, 2), 90636: (1, 1), 90650: (0, 0), 90664: (0, 127), 90678: (0, 127), 90692: (1, 2), 90706: (1, 127), 90720: (0, 126), 90734: (0, 125), 90748: (0, 2), 90762: (2, 0), 90776: (2, 127), 90790: (2, 126), 90804: (1, 2), 90818: (1, 126), 90832: (2, 126), 90846: (2, 125), 90860: (1, 1), 90874: (1, 0), 90888: (0, 127), 90902: (1, 127), 90916: (1, 3), 90930: (0, 0), 90944: (0, 126), 90958: (1, 127), 90972: (1, 3), 90986: (1, 0), 91000: (0, 127), 91014: (0, 127), 91028: (1, 4), 91042: (1, 0), 91056: (1, 0), 91070: (0, 127), 91084: (0, 3), 91098: (1, 0), 91112: (1, 127), 91126: (1, 1), 91140: (0, 1), 91154: (0, 127), 91168: (0, 0), 91182: (1, 3), 91196: (0, 0), 91210: (255, 127), 91224: (0, 0), 91238: (0, 5), 91252: (0, 0), 91266: (0, 127), 91280: (0, 127), 91294: (1, 3), 91308: (0, 0), 91322: (255, 127), 91336: (0, 2), 91350: (0, 1), 91364: (1, 0), 91378: (0, 127), 91392: (255, 3), 91406: (255, 127), 91420: (255, 127), 91434: (0, 127), 91448: (1, 2), 91462: (255, 127), 91476: (0, 127), 91490: (0, 3), 91504: (0, 0), 91518: (0, 127), 91532: (0, 127), 91546: (0, 4), 91560: (0, 0), 91574: (255, 127), 91588: (0, 127), 91602: (0, 4), 91616: (0, 0), 91630: (0, 0), 91644: (0, 127), 91658: (255, 5), 91672: (255, 0), 91686: (0, 1), 91700: (1, 1), 91714: (1, 5), 91728: (0, 0), 91742: (255, 0), 91756: (0, 127), 91770: (1, 5), 91784: (1, 1), 91798: (1, 127), 91812: (0, 0), 91826: (0, 4), 91840: (0, 127), 91854: (0, 127), 91868: (0, 127), 91882: (0, 5), 91896: (1, 1), 91910: (0, 0), 91924: (255, 127), 91938: (0, 4), 91952: (0, 1), 91966: (1, 0), 91980: (0, 0), 91994: (255, 4), 92008: (0, 0), 92022: (0, 0), 92036: (1, 1), 92050: (0, 3), 92064: (255, 1), 92078: (255, 127), 92092: (0, 2), 92106: (0, 2), 92120: (0, 0), 92134: (0, 0), 92148: (0, 4), 92162: (0, 1), 92176: (0, 0), 92190: (255, 127), 92204: (0, 4), 92218: (0, 0), 92232: (0, 0), 92246: (0, 127), 92260: (0, 2), 92274: (255, 127), 92288: (0, 127), 92302: (0, 2), 92316: (1, 1), 92330: (0, 126), 92344: (0, 126), 92358: (1, 3), 92372: (2, 2), 92386: (1, 0), 92400: (1, 127), 92414: (0, 3), 92428: (0, 0), 92442: (0, 0), 92456: (0, 127), 92470: (0, 4), 92484: (0, 1), 92498: (0, 0), 92512: (0, 127), 92526: (0, 4), 92540: (255, 0), 92554: (0, 127), 92568: (1, 0), 92582: (1, 4), 92596: (0, 0), 92610: (255, 0), 92624: (0, 0), 92638: (1, 3), 92652: (0, 0), 92666: (255, 0), 92680: (255, 1), 92694: (0, 2), 92708: (1, 0), 92722: (0, 127), 92736: (0, 2), 92750: (0, 1), 92764: (0, 127), 92778: (0, 127), 92792: (0, 4), 92806: (0, 0), 92820: (0, 0), 92834: (0, 0), 92848: (255, 4), 92862: (255, 0), 92876: (0, 0), 92890: (0, 0), 92904: (0, 5), 92918: (0, 1), 92932: (0, 0), 92946: (0, 0), 92960: (1, 4), 92974: (0, 0), 92988: (0, 0), 93002: (255, 1), 93016: (0, 2), 93030: (0, 1), 93044: (0, 0), 93058: (0, 2), 93072: (255, 2), 93086: (0, 127), 93100: (1, 0), 93114: (1, 4), 93128: (1, 1), 93142: (0, 127), 93156: (0, 127), 93170: (1, 4), 93184: (1, 0), 93198: (0, 127), 93212: (0, 127), 93226: (1, 3), 93240: (0, 127), 93254: (0, 126), 93268: (0, 1), 93282: (0, 0), 93296: (1, 127), 93310: (1, 127), 93324: (0, 3), 93338: (255, 127), 93352: (0, 126), 93366: (1, 127), 93380: (1, 3), 93394: (0, 127), 93408: (255, 126), 93422: (0, 0), 93436: (1, 0), 93450: (1, 126), 93464: (0, 125), 93478: (0, 0), 93492: (0, 0), 93506: (0, 126), 93520: (1, 127), 93534: (0, 0), 93548: (0, 1), 93562: (1, 0), 93576: (0, 127), 93590: (1, 127), 93604: (1, 3), 93618: (2, 126), 93632: (2, 127), 93646: (2, 0), 93660: (1, 4), 93674: (0, 127), 93688: (0, 127), 93702: (0, 126), 93716: (0, 3), 93730: (0, 127), 93744: (0, 127), 93758: (0, 126), 93772: (1, 1), 93786: (0, 0), 93800: (0, 127), 93814: (0, 127), 93828: (0, 1), 93842: (0, 0), 93856: (255, 126), 93870: (255, 125), 93884: (0, 0), 93898: (1, 0), 93912: (0, 127), 93926: (0, 125), 93940: (0, 1), 93954: (0, 0), 93968: (1, 126), 93982: (0, 126), 93996: (0, 2), 94010: (255, 126), 94024: (255, 125), 94038: (0, 125), 94052: (1, 3), 94066: (255, 126), 94080: (255, 126), 94094: (255, 126), 94108: (0, 3), 94122: (0, 127), 94136: (0, 127), 94150: (0, 127), 94164: (1, 5), 94178: (0, 127), 94192: (255, 127), 94206: (255, 127), 94220: (255, 4), 94234: (1, 0), 94248: (0, 0), 94262: (255, 127), 94276: (255, 2), 94290: (1, 1), 2: (5, 124), 16: (251, 119), 30: (251, 121), 44: (251, 119), 58: (251, 118), 72: (12, 11), 86: (251, 120), 100: (2, 124), 114: (243, 116), 128: (251, 118), 142: (251, 118), 156: (251, 119), 170: (251, 118), 184: (251, 119), 198: (251, 120), 212: (250, 119), 226: (253, 120), 240: (251, 122), 254: (252, 120), 268: (253, 119), 282: (255, 127), 296: (251, 119), 310: (252, 119), 324: (252, 119), 338: (251, 119), 352: (2, 117), 366: (251, 119), 380: (252, 119), 394: (251, 120), 408: (251, 120), 422: (252, 120), 436: (250, 120), 450: (251, 121), 464: (252, 122), 478: (251, 120), 492: (250, 119), 506: (12, 11), 520: (252, 118), 534: (11, 10), 548: (250, 123), 562: (249, 120), 576: (250, 121), 590: (11, 13), 604: (250, 120), 618: (250, 123), 632: (0, 13), 646: (251, 120), 660: (251, 120), 674: (251, 120), 688: (250, 118), 702: (248, 122), 716: (252, 121), 730: (251, 119), 744: (252, 121), 758: (251, 121), 772: (0, 127), 786: (0, 126), 800: (0, 126), 814: (4, 126), 828: (1, 126), 842: (0, 1), 856: (2, 126), 870: (1, 126), 884: (0, 125), 898: (1, 125), 912: (1, 1), 926: (2, 127), 940: (1, 126), 954: (1, 126), 968: (1, 126), 982: (1, 2), 996: (1, 127), 1010: (2, 126), 1024: (1, 126), 1038: (0, 125), 1052: (1, 1), 1066: (2, 127), 1080: (1, 126), 1094: (1, 126), 1108: (1, 125), 1122: (1, 126), 1136: (1, 0), 1150: (1, 126), 1164: (1, 125), 1178: (1, 126), 1192: (1, 0), 1206: (2, 0), 1220: (1, 127), 1234: (1, 127), 1248: (1, 126), 1262: (2, 2), 1276: (1, 0), 1290: (0, 126), 1304: (1, 127), 1318: (2, 127), 1332: (1, 3), 1346: (1, 127), 1360: (2, 127), 1374: (1, 126), 1388: (1, 3), 1402: (3, 127), 1416: (2, 126), 1430: (1, 126), 1444: (1, 125), 1458: (3, 1), 1472: (2, 127), 1486: (1, 125), 1500: (1, 125), 1514: (2, 2), 1528: (2, 126), 1542: (2, 125), 1556: (2, 125), 1570: (2, 127), 1584: (1, 0), 1598: (1, 126), 1612: (2, 126), 1626: (1, 126), 1640: (0, 1), 1654: (2, 127), 1668: (3, 127), 1682: (1, 126), 1696: (0, 127), 1710: (1, 0), 1724: (2, 127), 1738: (2, 126), 1752: (1, 127), 1766: (1, 1), 1780: (1, 127), 1794: (1, 0), 1808: (1, 127), 1822: (1, 3), 1836: (1, 0), 1850: (1, 127), 1864: (1, 127), 1878: (1, 2), 1892: (1, 0), 1906: (2, 127), 1920: (2, 127), 1934: (1, 0), 1948: (1, 1), 1962: (1, 127), 1976: (1, 127), 1990: (1, 127), 2004: (2, 4), 2018: (1, 0), 2032: (0, 127), 2046: (0, 127), 2060: (1, 4), 2074: (1, 0), 2088: (0, 127), 2102: (1, 127), 2116: (2, 2), 2130: (1, 0), 2144: (1, 0), 2158: (1, 0), 2172: (2, 127), 2186: (2, 4), 2200: (2, 0), 2214: (1, 127), 2228: (0, 126), 2242: (1, 1), 2256: (2, 127), 2270: (2, 127), 2284: (1, 127), 2298: (1, 0), 2312: (2, 1), 2326: (2, 0), 2340: (1, 127), 2354: (2, 126), 2368: (2, 3), 2382: (1, 0), 2396: (1, 127), 2410: (2, 127), 2424: (2, 127), 2438: (2, 1), 2452: (1, 0), 2466: (2, 127), 2480: (1, 126), 2494: (1, 2), 2508: (2, 127), 2522: (2, 126), 2536: (2, 126), 2550: (2, 127), 2564: (3, 127), 2578: (3, 126), 2592: (3, 126), 2606: (3, 126), 2620: (2, 1), 2634: (1, 127), 2648: (1, 126), 2662: (2, 127), 2676: (2, 3), 2690: (2, 127), 2704: (1, 127), 2718: (1, 127), 2732: (1, 2), 2746: (1, 127), 2760: (2, 127), 2774: (1, 127), 2788: (1, 127), 2802: (2, 1), 2816: (1, 127), 2830: (1, 127), 2844: (1, 127), 2858: (2, 2), 2872: (2, 127), 2886: (1, 126), 2900: (1, 126), 2914: (2, 127), 2928: (1, 1), 2942: (1, 126), 2956: (1, 126), 2970: (1, 126), 2984: (1, 3), 2998: (1, 0), 3012: (1, 127), 3026: (1, 127), 3040: (0, 3), 3054: (1, 127), 3068: (2, 126), 3082: (2, 125), 3096: (1, 0), 3110: (2, 127), 3124: (2, 126), 3138: (1, 125), 3152: (1, 1), 3166: (2, 127), 3180: (2, 127), 3194: (1, 126), 3208: (2, 127), 3222: (2, 1), 3236: (1, 126), 3250: (1, 126), 3264: (2, 127), 3278: (1, 2), 3292: (1, 127), 3306: (1, 127), 3320: (0, 127), 3334: (1, 3), 3348: (1, 0), 3362: (1, 127), 3376: (1, 126), 3390: (1, 4), 3404: (1, 127), 3418: (1, 126), 3432: (1, 125), 3446: (1, 1), 3460: (2, 127), 3474: (2, 126), 3488: (1, 126), 3502: (2, 1), 3516: (3, 1), 3530: (2, 127), 3544: (2, 127), 3558: (2, 0), 3572: (1, 1), 3586: (2, 127), 3600: (2, 126), 3614: (3, 127), 3628: (1, 2), 3642: (1, 127), 3656: (3, 0), 3670: (2, 126), 3684: (2, 0), 3698: (2, 0), 3712: (3, 127), 3726: (3, 127), 3740: (2, 127), 3754: (1, 0), 3768: (2, 126), 3782: (2, 126), 3796: (2, 126), 3810: (2, 1), 3824: (1, 126), 3838: (1, 125), 3852: (2, 126), 3866: (2, 3), 3880: (2, 127), 3894: (1, 126), 3908: (1, 127), 3922: (1, 2), 3936: (1, 127), 3950: (2, 127), 3964: (2, 126), 3978: (2, 127), 3992: (2, 2), 4006: (3, 0), 4020: (2, 127), 4034: (2, 127), 4048: (2, 2), 4062: (3, 127), 4076: (2, 127), 4090: (0, 126), 4104: (1, 3), 4118: (2, 0), 4132: (1, 127), 4146: (1, 127), 4160: (2, 3), 4174: (2, 127), 4188: (2, 126), 4202: (2, 126), 4216: (2, 127), 4230: (1, 0), 4244: (1, 126), 4258: (1, 127), 4272: (1, 126), 4286: (1, 2), 4300: (1, 127), 4314: (2, 127), 4328: (1, 127), 4342: (1, 1), 4356: (1, 0), 4370: (1, 127), 4384: (1, 126), 4398: (2, 126), 4412: (2, 2), 4426: (0, 126), 4440: (1, 126), 4454: (1, 126), 4468: (2, 2), 4482: (1, 127), 4496: (0, 126), 4510: (1, 125), 4524: (1, 1), 4538: (1, 127), 4552: (1, 126), 4566: (1, 126), 4580: (2, 127), 4594: (2, 1), 4608: (1, 127), 4622: (1, 127), 4636: (1, 126), 4650: (2, 126), 4664: (1, 125), 4678: (1, 126), 4692: (0, 1), 4706: (2, 127), 4720: (2, 126), 4734: (1, 126), 4748: (1, 127), 4762: (1, 126), 4776: (1, 2), 4790: (1, 127), 4804: (2, 127), 4818: (2, 127), 4832: (1, 125), 4846: (1, 127), 4860: (3, 0), 4874: (2, 126), 4888: (2, 125), 4902: (2, 125), 4916: (4, 126), 4930: (3, 1), 4944: (2, 125), 4958: (2, 126), 4972: (2, 125), 4986: (1, 0), 5000: (1, 127), 5014: (2, 126), 5028: (2, 126), 5042: (1, 126), 5056: (2, 2), 5070: (3, 127), 5084: (1, 126), 5098: (1, 125), 5112: (3, 127), 5126: (2, 1), 5140: (1, 126), 5154: (1, 126), 5168: (1, 126), 5182: (1, 2), 5196: (2, 127), 5210: (3, 127), 5224: (2, 125), 5238: (2, 125), 5252: (2, 0), 5266: (2, 126), 5280: (2, 126), 5294: (2, 126), 5308: (2, 2), 5322: (1, 127), 5336: (1, 127), 5350: (1, 126), 5364: (1, 127), 5378: (2, 0), 5392: (2, 126), 5406: (2, 125), 5420: (1, 125), 5434: (1, 1), 5448: (2, 126), 5462: (2, 125), 5476: (2, 124), 5490: (1, 124), 5504: (1, 127), 5518: (1, 126), 5532: (2, 126), 5546: (2, 127), 5560: (2, 1), 5574: (1, 0), 5588: (0, 126), 5602: (1, 127), 5616: (2, 127), 5630: (2, 2), 5644: (2, 126), 5658: (3, 126), 5672: (2, 124), 5686: (1, 126), 5700: (1, 127), 5714: (2, 127), 5728: (2, 126), 5742: (1, 126), 5756: (1, 2), 5770: (1, 127), 5784: (2, 127), 5798: (2, 126), 5812: (2, 0), 5826: (1, 127), 5840: (1, 126), 5854: (1, 126), 5868: (2, 126), 5882: (1, 2), 5896: (1, 126), 5910: (1, 126), 5924: (0, 126), 5938: (1, 0), 5952: (1, 0), 5966: (2, 127), 5980: (1, 127), 5994: (1, 127), 6008: (0, 3), 6022: (0, 127), 6036: (1, 127), 6050: (1, 127), 6064: (1, 0), 6078: (1, 1), 6092: (0, 127), 6106: (1, 127), 6120: (1, 127), 6134: (1, 4), 6148: (0, 0), 6162: (0, 127), 6176: (0, 127), 6190: (0, 3), 6204: (1, 0), 6218: (2, 0), 6232: (0, 126), 6246: (1, 127), 6260: (2, 0), 6274: (2, 125), 6288: (2, 125), 6302: (2, 126), 6316: (2, 3), 6330: (1, 127), 6344: (1, 127), 6358: (1, 127), 6372: (1, 1), 6386: (1, 0), 6400: (1, 127), 6414: (1, 127), 6428: (1, 126), 6442: (1, 3), 6456: (2, 127), 6470: (2, 126), 6484: (1, 126), 6498: (1, 2), 6512: (2, 127), 6526: (2, 126), 6540: (1, 126), 6554: (1, 127), 6568: (2, 1), 6582: (2, 0), 6596: (1, 127), 6610: (1, 126), 6624: (1, 3), 6638: (2, 127), 6652: (2, 127), 6666: (1, 127), 6680: (1, 3), 6694: (1, 126), 6708: (1, 126), 6722: (2, 126), 6736: (1, 1), 6750: (1, 127), 6764: (1, 127), 6778: (0, 126), 6792: (0, 126), 6806: (1, 3), 6820: (1, 127), 6834: (0, 126), 6848: (0, 126), 6862: (1, 127), 6876: (0, 2), 6890: (0, 127), 6904: (1, 126), 6918: (0, 126), 6932: (0, 127), 6946: (0, 3), 6960: (1, 0), 6974: (1, 127), 6988: (2, 0), 7002: (1, 127), 7016: (1, 3), 7030: (0, 127), 7044: (0, 127), 7058: (1, 127), 7072: (1, 2), 7086: (0, 0), 7100: (0, 127), 7114: (0, 127), 7128: (1, 127), 7142: (1, 3), 7156: (1, 0), 7170: (1, 127), 7184: (0, 127), 7198: (1, 3), 7212: (1, 0), 7226: (0, 127), 7240: (1, 127), 7254: (1, 127), 7268: (2, 4), 7282: (1, 0), 7296: (0, 127), 7310: (1, 127), 7324: (1, 3), 7338: (1, 0), 7352: (0, 127), 7366: (0, 0), 7380: (0, 1), 7394: (1, 1), 7408: (1, 127), 7422: (0, 127), 7436: (0, 127), 7450: (2, 3), 7464: (3, 127), 7478: (2, 127), 7492: (1, 126), 7506: (1, 3), 7520: (2, 0), 7534: (1, 127), 7548: (1, 127), 7562: (1, 0), 7576: (1, 1), 7590: (1, 0), 7604: (2, 126), 7618: (1, 126), 7632: (0, 0), 7646: (1, 126), 7660: (2, 126), 7674: (1, 126), 7688: (1, 1), 7702: (1, 126), 7716: (1, 126), 7730: (0, 126), 7744: (1, 2), 7758: (1, 126), 7772: (1, 126), 7786: (0, 126), 7800: (1, 2), 7814: (1, 127), 7828: (0, 126), 7842: (0, 126), 7856: (1, 3), 7870: (1, 127), 7884: (0, 126), 7898: (255, 126), 7912: (1, 3), 7926: (1, 127), 7940: (1, 0), 7954: (1, 127), 7968: (0, 1), 7982: (1, 1), 7996: (1, 0), 8010: (1, 0), 8024: (0, 127), 8038: (0, 4), 8052: (1, 0), 8066: (1, 0), 8080: (0, 127), 8094: (0, 1), 8108: (1, 0), 8122: (2, 127), 8136: (1, 126), 8150: (2, 125), 8164: (2, 127), 8178: (1, 126), 8192: (1, 126), 8206: (1, 125), 8220: (1, 2), 8234: (0, 126), 8248: (1, 126), 8262: (2, 126), 8276: (1, 1), 8290: (0, 127), 8304: (1, 126), 8318: (1, 127), 8332: (1, 127), 8346: (1, 1), 8360: (1, 127), 8374: (1, 127), 8388: (1, 127), 8402: (2, 4), 8416: (3, 0), 8430: (2, 126), 8444: (2, 126), 8458: (2, 3), 8472: (2, 0), 8486: (1, 127), 8500: (1, 127), 8514: (2, 3), 8528: (1, 0), 8542: (1, 127), 8556: (2, 127), 8570: (1, 126), 8584: (1, 0), 8598: (1, 126), 8612: (2, 126), 8626: (1, 126), 8640: (0, 1), 8654: (1, 126), 8668: (2, 125), 8682: (1, 126), 8696: (0, 2), 8710: (1, 126), 8724: (1, 126), 8738: (1, 126), 8752: (1, 2), 8766: (1, 127), 8780: (2, 126), 8794: (2, 125), 8808: (3, 1), 8822: (2, 124), 8836: (2, 126), 8850: (2, 126), 8864: (2, 1), 8878: (1, 126), 8892: (1, 125), 8906: (2, 127), 8920: (3, 1), 8934: (3, 127), 8948: (3, 126), 8962: (2, 1), 8976: (2, 0), 8990: (2, 127), 9004: (3, 126), 9018: (2, 3), 9032: (1, 127), 9046: (1, 126), 9060: (1, 125), 9074: (1, 2), 9088: (2, 126), 9102: (2, 126), 9116: (1, 1), 9130: (1, 127), 9144: (1, 126), 9158: (1, 126), 9172: (1, 3), 9186: (1, 127), 9200: (1, 127), 9214: (0, 127), 9228: (0, 2), 9242: (1, 0), 9256: (2, 127), 9270: (2, 3), 9284: (1, 0), 9298: (0, 127), 9312: (1, 0), 9326: (1, 4), 9340: (1, 0), 9354: (1, 127), 9368: (1, 1), 9382: (1, 2), 9396: (1, 0), 9410: (1, 127), 9424: (1, 4), 9438: (1, 0), 9452: (2, 127), 9466: (1, 0), 9480: (0, 4), 9494: (0, 0), 9508: (2, 0), 9522: (2, 2), 9536: (1, 1), 9550: (0, 127), 9564: (1, 127), 9578: (1, 4), 9592: (2, 0), 9606: (2, 127), 9620: (1, 127), 9634: (1, 3), 9648: (2, 0), 9662: (2, 127), 9676: (1, 1), 9690: (1, 0), 9704: (1, 127), 9718: (1, 127), 9732: (0, 3), 9746: (1, 127), 9760: (1, 127), 9774: (1, 127), 9788: (1, 2), 9802: (0, 127), 9816: (0, 127), 9830: (0, 1), 9844: (1, 0), 9858: (1, 127), 9872: (1, 126), 9886: (0, 4), 9900: (0, 0), 9914: (1, 127), 9928: (1, 127), 9942: (1, 4), 9956: (1, 0), 9970: (0, 127), 9984: (0, 127), 9998: (1, 4), 10012: (1, 0), 10026: (1, 127), 10040: (0, 127), 10054: (0, 5), 10068: (1, 0), 10082: (1, 0), 10096: (1, 0), 10110: (1, 4), 10124: (1, 0), 10138: (0, 127), 10152: (0, 127), 10166: (1, 3), 10180: (1, 127), 10194: (1, 127), 10208: (0, 127), 10222: (1, 3), 10236: (0, 127), 10250: (0, 127), 10264: (1, 1), 10278: (1, 3), 10292: (1, 0), 10306: (0, 127), 10320: (1, 0), 10334: (1, 3), 10348: (1, 127), 10362: (1, 127), 10376: (1, 127), 10390: (1, 3), 10404: (0, 127), 10418: (0, 127), 10432: (1, 2), 10446: (3, 2), 10460: (3, 0), 10474: (2, 127), 10488: (1, 2), 10502: (2, 1), 10516: (2, 0), 10530: (1, 0), 10544: (0, 2), 10558: (1, 1), 10572: (1, 0), 10586: (1, 127), 10600: (1, 3), 10614: (2, 127), 10628: (1, 126), 10642: (1, 126), 10656: (1, 2), 10670: (2, 126), 10684: (1, 125), 10698: (1, 126), 10712: (1, 3), 10726: (1, 127), 10740: (0, 126), 10754: (0, 126), 10768: (1, 2), 10782: (2, 127), 10796: (2, 125), 10810: (3, 125), 10824: (2, 2), 10838: (1, 127), 10852: (2, 0), 10866: (3, 127), 10880: (1, 3), 10894: (1, 0), 10908: (1, 127), 10922: (1, 0), 10936: (1, 4), 10950: (1, 0), 10964: (1, 0), 10978: (1, 0), 10992: (1, 3), 11006: (0, 1), 11020: (1, 127), 11034: (1, 127), 11048: (1, 3), 11062: (1, 0), 11076: (1, 127), 11090: (0, 127), 11104: (1, 3), 11118: (1, 1), 11132: (1, 127), 11146: (1, 0), 11160: (0, 2), 11174: (0, 1), 11188: (0, 0), 11202: (1, 127), 11216: (1, 3), 11230: (1, 1), 11244: (1, 0), 11258: (3, 127), 11272: (2, 4), 11286: (2, 0), 11300: (3, 0), 11314: (4, 127), 11328: (2, 4), 11342: (1, 0), 11356: (1, 0), 11370: (2, 127), 11384: (1, 5), 11398: (1, 0), 11412: (2, 127), 11426: (1, 127), 11440: (0, 3), 11454: (1, 127), 11468: (1, 126), 11482: (1, 126), 11496: (1, 3), 11510: (2, 126), 11524: (1, 126), 11538: (0, 126), 11552: (1, 4), 11566: (1, 0), 11580: (1, 126), 11594: (1, 126), 11608: (1, 3), 11622: (1, 127), 11636: (0, 126), 11650: (0, 125), 11664: (1, 2), 11678: (1, 0), 11692: (0, 126), 11706: (0, 126), 11720: (1, 126), 11734: (1, 3), 11748: (0, 126), 11762: (0, 126), 11776: (0, 126), 11790: (0, 126), 11804: (1, 3), 11818: (1, 127), 11832: (0, 127), 11846: (0, 127), 11860: (2, 127), 11874: (1, 4), 11888: (0, 127), 11902: (0, 127), 11916: (1, 127), 11930: (1, 127), 11944: (0, 1), 11958: (1, 127), 11972: (1, 126), 11986: (1, 126), 12000: (1, 1), 12014: (1, 0), 12028: (0, 127), 12042: (1, 127), 12056: (1, 0), 12070: (1, 3), 12084: (0, 127), 12098: (0, 0), 12112: (2, 127), 12126: (2, 127), 12140: (1, 2), 12154: (0, 127), 12168: (1, 127), 12182: (1, 127), 12196: (1, 3), 12210: (2, 0), 12224: (1, 127), 12238: (1, 127), 12252: (1, 0), 12266: (1, 1), 12280: (1, 0), 12294: (1, 127), 12308: (2, 127), 12322: (2, 4), 12336: (1, 0), 12350: (0, 127), 12364: (1, 0), 12378: (1, 4), 12392: (1, 0), 12406: (0, 127), 12420: (0, 127), 12434: (1, 3), 12448: (1, 0), 12462: (2, 0), 12476: (1, 127), 12490: (0, 1), 12504: (1, 1), 12518: (1, 0), 12532: (1, 0), 12546: (1, 1), 12560: (1, 2), 12574: (1, 127), 12588: (1, 127), 12602: (1, 0), 12616: (1, 4), 12630: (1, 0), 12644: (0, 0), 12658: (1, 127), 12672: (0, 1), 12686: (0, 1), 12700: (0, 0), 12714: (1, 127), 12728: (1, 0), 12742: (0, 3), 12756: (0, 127), 12770: (1, 127), 12784: (1, 0), 12798: (1, 3), 12812: (1, 0), 12826: (0, 0), 12840: (0, 0), 12854: (1, 1), 12868: (1, 1), 12882: (0, 0), 12896: (0, 0), 12910: (1, 0), 12924: (1, 3), 12938: (0, 0), 12952: (0, 127), 12966: (1, 127), 12980: (1, 4), 12994: (1, 0), 13008: (0, 126), 13022: (0, 127), 13036: (0, 3), 13050: (2, 0), 13064: (2, 127), 13078: (0, 127), 13092: (0, 2), 13106: (0, 1), 13120: (1, 0), 13134: (1, 127), 13148: (1, 1), 13162: (1, 1), 13176: (1, 127), 13190: (0, 127), 13204: (0, 127), 13218: (1, 2), 13232: (1, 0), 13246: (1, 127), 13260: (1, 127), 13274: (0, 4), 13288: (0, 127), 13302: (1, 127), 13316: (1, 127), 13330: (0, 3), 13344: (0, 0), 13358: (0, 127), 13372: (1, 127), 13386: (0, 1), 13400: (1, 1), 13414: (0, 0), 13428: (0, 127), 13442: (0, 127), 13456: (1, 4), 13470: (1, 0), 13484: (0, 127), 13498: (0, 126), 13512: (0, 3), 13526: (0, 127), 13540: (0, 127), 13554: (1, 127), 13568: (1, 1), 13582: (1, 0), 13596: (0, 127), 13610: (0, 127), 13624: (0, 127), 13638: (0, 3), 13652: (1, 0), 13666: (1, 0), 13680: (0, 127), 13694: (0, 4), 13708: (0, 0), 13722: (1, 0), 13736: (1, 127), 13750: (0, 1), 13764: (1, 0), 13778: (0, 0), 13792: (0, 0), 13806: (0, 127), 13820: (1, 3), 13834: (1, 0), 13848: (0, 0), 13862: (0, 0), 13876: (0, 1), 13890: (1, 2), 13904: (1, 0), 13918: (1, 0), 13932: (0, 0), 13946: (0, 4), 13960: (0, 0), 13974: (1, 0), 13988: (1, 0), 14002: (1, 0), 14016: (1, 2), 14030: (0, 127), 14044: (0, 127), 14058: (1, 0), 14072: (1, 4), 14086: (0, 0), 14100: (0, 0), 14114: (0, 127), 14128: (0, 127), 14142: (0, 3), 14156: (0, 127), 14170: (1, 127), 14184: (0, 0), 14198: (0, 3), 14212: (1, 1), 14226: (2, 0), 14240: (2, 0), 14254: (2, 1), 14268: (2, 3), 14282: (1, 127), 14296: (0, 127), 14310: (1, 127), 14324: (1, 4), 14338: (0, 0), 14352: (0, 127), 14366: (1, 127), 14380: (1, 3), 14394: (1, 0), 14408: (1, 127), 14422: (1, 126), 14436: (1, 127), 14450: (1, 1), 14464: (1, 127), 14478: (1, 127), 14492: (1, 127), 14506: (1, 3), 14520: (1, 0), 14534: (0, 127), 14548: (255, 126), 14562: (0, 3), 14576: (2, 0), 14590: (1, 127), 14604: (0, 126), 14618: (0, 2), 14632: (1, 0), 14646: (2, 127), 14660: (2, 127), 14674: (1, 0), 14688: (1, 0), 14702: (0, 127), 14716: (1, 126), 14730: (1, 126), 14744: (1, 1), 14758: (1, 0), 14772: (1, 127), 14786: (1, 127), 14800: (1, 127), 14814: (1, 3), 14828: (1, 0), 14842: (0, 127), 14856: (1, 0), 14870: (1, 127), 14884: (0, 1), 14898: (0, 127), 14912: (1, 127), 14926: (2, 127), 14940: (1, 3), 14954: (0, 127), 14968: (0, 127), 14982: (0, 127), 14996: (1, 0), 15010: (1, 1), 15024: (1, 0), 15038: (1, 0), 15052: (0, 0), 15066: (0, 0), 15080: (0, 127), 15094: (0, 3), 15108: (1, 0), 15122: (1, 0), 15136: (1, 0), 15150: (1, 127), 15164: (1, 3), 15178: (1, 0), 15192: (1, 0), 15206: (0, 0), 15220: (0, 1), 15234: (1, 1), 15248: (0, 0), 15262: (1, 0), 15276: (1, 127), 15290: (0, 3), 15304: (0, 127), 15318: (1, 127), 15332: (1, 127), 15346: (1, 126), 15360: (1, 3), 15374: (0, 0), 15388: (1, 127), 15402: (1, 127), 15416: (1, 3), 15430: (0, 127), 15444: (0, 126), 15458: (0, 126), 15472: (1, 0), 15486: (1, 2), 15500: (0, 127), 15514: (1, 0), 15528: (1, 0), 15542: (0, 3), 15556: (0, 0), 15570: (1, 127), 15584: (1, 127), 15598: (1, 3), 15612: (1, 0), 15626: (1, 127), 15640: (0, 126), 15654: (1, 0), 15668: (2, 1), 15682: (1, 127), 15696: (1, 127), 15710: (1, 127), 15724: (1, 3), 15738: (1, 0), 15752: (1, 127), 15766: (1, 0), 15780: (1, 0), 15794: (1, 1), 15808: (0, 127), 15822: (1, 127), 15836: (1, 127), 15850: (1, 4), 15864: (2, 1), 15878: (2, 1), 15892: (2, 127), 15906: (2, 1), 15920: (3, 2), 15934: (4, 0), 15948: (3, 127), 15962: (2, 127), 15976: (2, 3), 15990: (2, 127), 16004: (2, 127), 16018: (2, 127), 16032: (1, 2), 16046: (1, 1), 16060: (2, 0), 16074: (2, 127), 16088: (1, 127), 16102: (2, 1), 16116: (2, 0), 16130: (2, 127), 16144: (1, 127), 16158: (1, 4), 16172: (2, 0), 16186: (1, 127), 16200: (1, 127), 16214: (0, 2), 16228: (0, 0), 16242: (1, 127), 16256: (2, 127), 16270: (2, 127), 16284: (1, 3), 16298: (0, 127), 16312: (1, 127), 16326: (3, 0), 16340: (2, 3), 16354: (2, 0), 16368: (2, 127), 16382: (1, 127), 16396: (2, 127), 16410: (2, 2), 16424: (2, 127), 16438: (2, 127), 16452: (2, 127), 16466: (2, 2), 16480: (1, 127), 16494: (1, 126), 16508: (2, 127), 16522: (2, 127), 16536: (2, 3), 16550: (0, 0), 16564: (0, 127), 16578: (1, 0), 16592: (3, 3), 16606: (3, 1), 16620: (3, 1), 16634: (2, 0), 16648: (2, 127), 16662: (2, 4), 16676: (3, 0), 16690: (3, 126), 16704: (1, 127), 16718: (1, 0), 16732: (2, 2), 16746: (1, 0), 16760: (1, 0), 16774: (2, 127), 16788: (1, 4), 16802: (1, 0), 16816: (1, 127), 16830: (1, 127), 16844: (1, 3), 16858: (2, 0), 16872: (2, 127), 16886: (1, 127), 16900: (0, 1), 16914: (1, 0), 16928: (1, 127), 16942: (1, 0), 16956: (1, 127), 16970: (1, 3), 16984: (0, 127), 16998: (1, 127), 17012: (1, 127), 17026: (2, 4), 17040: (1, 0), 17054: (0, 127), 17068: (0, 127), 17082: (0, 127), 17096: (1, 2), 17110: (1, 0), 17124: (2, 0), 17138: (1, 0), 17152: (0, 127), 17166: (0, 3), 17180: (2, 1), 17194: (1, 0), 17208: (1, 127), 17222: (0, 0), 17236: (2, 3), 17250: (2, 0), 17264: (3, 1), 17278: (3, 0), 17292: (3, 3), 17306: (2, 1), 17320: (2, 0), 17334: (3, 127), 17348: (2, 0), 17362: (2, 1), 17376: (2, 127), 17390: (1, 126), 17404: (1, 126), 17418: (1, 3), 17432: (1, 0), 17446: (1, 127), 17460: (1, 127), 17474: (1, 0), 17488: (1, 0), 17502: (1, 127), 17516: (2, 127), 17530: (2, 126), 17544: (1, 3), 17558: (1, 126), 17572: (1, 126), 17586: (2, 126), 17600: (1, 1), 17614: (1, 0), 17628: (1, 127), 17642: (1, 127), 17656: (1, 1), 17670: (1, 1), 17684: (1, 0), 17698: (1, 0), 17712: (2, 0), 17726: (2, 4), 17740: (1, 0), 17754: (0, 0), 17768: (1, 0), 17782: (2, 4), 17796: (2, 1), 17810: (1, 0), 17824: (1, 127), 17838: (1, 1), 17852: (1, 2), 17866: (1, 0), 17880: (1, 0), 17894: (0, 0), 17908: (0, 4), 17922: (1, 0), 17936: (1, 0), 17950: (255, 127), 17964: (0, 3), 17978: (1, 1), 17992: (1, 0), 18006: (1, 127), 18020: (1, 2), 18034: (2, 2), 18048: (2, 1), 18062: (2, 0), 18076: (2, 127), 18090: (2, 4), 18104: (2, 1), 18118: (3, 0), 18132: (3, 0), 18146: (2, 3), 18160: (0, 1), 18174: (1, 0), 18188: (2, 0), 18202: (1, 0), 18216: (1, 1), 18230: (1, 0), 18244: (1, 0), 18258: (1, 0), 18272: (1, 4), 18286: (1, 0), 18300: (1, 0), 18314: (1, 0), 18328: (1, 3), 18342: (1, 0), 18356: (0, 127), 18370: (1, 127), 18384: (2, 127), 18398: (2, 4), 18412: (0, 127), 18426: (0, 126), 18440: (0, 127), 18454: (1, 4), 18468: (1, 0), 18482: (1, 127), 18496: (1, 127), 18510: (1, 2), 18524: (1, 0), 18538: (1, 127), 18552: (2, 127), 18566: (2, 0), 18580: (2, 1), 18594: (1, 127), 18608: (0, 127), 18622: (1, 127), 18636: (2, 4), 18650: (1, 1), 18664: (1, 0), 18678: (1, 0), 18692: (0, 4), 18706: (1, 0), 18720: (2, 127), 18734: (2, 126), 18748: (1, 1), 18762: (1, 126), 18776: (2, 126), 18790: (2, 127), 18804: (1, 127), 18818: (0, 3), 18832: (1, 127), 18846: (1, 127), 18860: (0, 127), 18874: (1, 127), 18888: (1, 1), 18902: (0, 127), 18916: (0, 127), 18930: (1, 127), 18944: (0, 2), 18958: (0, 0), 18972: (0, 127), 18986: (1, 127), 19000: (1, 127), 19014: (0, 1), 19028: (1, 1), 19042: (1, 127), 19056: (1, 0), 19070: (1, 0), 19084: (1, 2), 19098: (2, 0), 19112: (2, 1), 19126: (2, 0), 19140: (1, 0), 19154: (0, 3), 19168: (0, 1), 19182: (1, 1), 19196: (1, 1), 19210: (0, 0), 19224: (1, 5), 19238: (1, 0), 19252: (1, 1), 19266: (1, 0), 19280: (1, 0), 19294: (1, 3), 19308: (1, 1), 19322: (1, 1), 19336: (1, 127), 19350: (0, 3), 19364: (0, 1), 19378: (1, 1), 19392: (1, 0), 19406: (0, 0), 19420: (1, 5), 19434: (2, 1), 19448: (2, 1), 19462: (2, 0), 19476: (2, 2), 19490: (2, 2), 19504: (2, 1), 19518: (2, 0), 19532: (3, 126), 19546: (3, 3), 19560: (2, 0), 19574: (1, 0), 19588: (1, 0), 19602: (0, 4), 19616: (0, 0), 19630: (1, 0), 19644: (2, 0), 19658: (1, 3), 19672: (0, 127), 19686: (1, 127), 19700: (1, 127), 19714: (1, 127), 19728: (1, 4), 19742: (1, 0), 19756: (0, 127), 19770: (0, 0), 19784: (1, 4), 19798: (1, 0), 19812: (1, 127), 19826: (0, 127), 19840: (0, 2), 19854: (0, 1), 19868: (0, 0), 19882: (1, 0), 19896: (1, 2), 19910: (1, 1), 19924: (1, 0), 19938: (0, 0), 19952: (0, 0), 19966: (1, 2), 19980: (2, 1), 19994: (1, 0), 20008: (0, 0), 20022: (0, 4), 20036: (0, 0), 20050: (1, 0), 20064: (1, 127), 20078: (1, 1), 20092: (0, 0), 20106: (0, 127), 20120: (0, 127), 20134: (1, 127), 20148: (1, 3), 20162: (0, 127), 20176: (0, 127), 20190: (0, 127), 20204: (0, 3), 20218: (0, 0), 20232: (0, 127), 20246: (1, 0), 20260: (1, 4), 20274: (0, 127), 20288: (1, 0), 20302: (1, 0), 20316: (1, 4), 20330: (1, 0), 20344: (1, 0), 20358: (0, 127), 20372: (0, 3), 20386: (1, 1), 20400: (1, 1), 20414: (0, 0), 20428: (0, 3), 20442: (1, 2), 20456: (1, 0), 20470: (1, 1), 20484: (2, 1), 20498: (1, 4), 20512: (1, 1), 20526: (0, 1), 20540: (0, 0), 20554: (0, 5), 20568: (0, 1), 20582: (0, 1), 20596: (0, 0), 20610: (0, 4), 20624: (0, 1), 20638: (1, 0), 20652: (1, 1), 20666: (0, 2), 20680: (0, 2), 20694: (0, 0), 20708: (1, 0), 20722: (1, 0), 20736: (1, 4), 20750: (1, 1), 20764: (0, 0), 20778: (0, 0), 20792: (0, 5), 20806: (1, 1), 20820: (1, 1), 20834: (0, 0), 20848: (0, 4), 20862: (0, 2), 20876: (0, 1), 20890: (0, 1), 20904: (1, 3), 20918: (1, 2), 20932: (0, 1), 20946: (255, 0), 20960: (255, 127), 20974: (0, 3), 20988: (1, 1), 21002: (0, 0), 21016: (255, 0), 21030: (255, 3), 21044: (255, 0), 21058: (0, 0), 21072: (0, 127), 21086: (255, 3), 21100: (0, 0), 21114: (0, 0), 21128: (255, 127), 21142: (0, 2), 21156: (0, 1), 21170: (255, 0), 21184: (255, 0), 21198: (0, 0), 21212: (0, 4), 21226: (0, 0), 21240: (0, 1), 21254: (0, 1), 21268: (0, 3), 21282: (0, 1), 21296: (1, 0), 21310: (2, 1), 21324: (2, 1), 21338: (2, 5), 21352: (2, 2), 21366: (1, 1), 21380: (0, 0), 21394: (1, 4), 21408: (1, 1), 21422: (1, 0), 21436: (1, 0), 21450: (1, 1), 21464: (1, 2), 21478: (1, 0), 21492: (1, 0), 21506: (1, 0), 21520: (1, 5), 21534: (1, 0), 21548: (0, 127), 21562: (0, 0), 21576: (0, 4), 21590: (1, 1), 21604: (1, 0), 21618: (0, 127), 21632: (0, 2), 21646: (2, 1), 21660: (3, 0), 21674: (2, 127), 21688: (2, 127), 21702: (2, 2), 21716: (2, 1), 21730: (1, 0), 21744: (1, 0), 21758: (2, 4), 21772: (1, 1), 21786: (1, 1), 21800: (1, 1), 21814: (1, 5), 21828: (1, 1), 21842: (3, 0), 21856: (3, 127), 21870: (2, 5), 21884: (1, 0), 21898: (1, 0), 21912: (2, 0), 21926: (1, 4), 21940: (1, 0), 21954: (1, 127), 21968: (1, 0), 21982: (2, 3), 21996: (2, 127), 22010: (2, 127), 22024: (1, 127), 22038: (2, 3), 22052: (2, 1), 22066: (2, 0), 22080: (1, 127), 22094: (1, 4), 22108: (2, 1), 22122: (1, 0), 22136: (1, 127), 22150: (1, 4), 22164: (1, 127), 22178: (1, 126), 22192: (1, 126), 22206: (1, 2), 22220: (0, 126), 22234: (0, 126), 22248: (1, 126), 22262: (2, 3), 22276: (1, 127), 22290: (1, 127), 22304: (1, 2), 22318: (1, 1), 22332: (255, 127), 22346: (0, 127), 22360: (0, 127), 22374: (1, 2), 22388: (1, 0), 22402: (1, 127), 22416: (1, 127), 22430: (0, 2), 22444: (1, 127), 22458: (2, 127), 22472: (0, 0), 22486: (0, 2), 22500: (1, 0), 22514: (0, 127), 22528: (0, 127), 22542: (1, 2), 22556: (2, 0), 22570: (2, 127), 22584: (1, 126), 22598: (2, 1), 22612: (3, 127), 22626: (2, 127), 22640: (1, 127), 22654: (2, 3), 22668: (2, 0), 22682: (1, 0), 22696: (0, 127), 22710: (1, 4), 22724: (1, 1), 22738: (1, 0), 22752: (1, 0), 22766: (1, 3), 22780: (1, 0), 22794: (1, 127), 22808: (1, 126), 22822: (1, 1), 22836: (1, 126), 22850: (1, 126), 22864: (1, 127), 22878: (0, 3), 22892: (0, 127), 22906: (1, 127), 22920: (1, 127), 22934: (1, 4), 22948: (0, 0), 22962: (0, 127), 22976: (0, 127), 22990: (1, 4), 23004: (1, 1), 23018: (1, 1), 23032: (0, 1), 23046: (0, 2), 23060: (1, 2), 23074: (1, 0), 23088: (1, 0), 23102: (2, 1), 23116: (2, 2), 23130: (1, 0), 23144: (0, 127), 23158: (1, 127), 23172: (2, 4), 23186: (1, 0), 23200: (1, 0), 23214: (0, 127), 23228: (0, 1), 23242: (0, 1), 23256: (1, 1), 23270: (1, 0), 23284: (0, 0), 23298: (0, 3), 23312: (1, 1), 23326: (1, 0), 23340: (0, 0), 23354: (1, 4), 23368: (1, 0), 23382: (1, 0), 23396: (1, 0), 23410: (1, 3), 23424: (2, 127), 23438: (1, 126), 23452: (1, 126), 23466: (1, 3), 23480: (0, 127), 23494: (0, 127), 23508: (1, 127), 23522: (1, 3), 23536: (0, 127), 23550: (1, 127), 23564: (0, 127), 23578: (0, 2), 23592: (1, 0), 23606: (1, 127), 23620: (1, 127), 23634: (1, 1), 23648: (0, 1), 23662: (1, 0), 23676: (1, 127), 23690: (0, 0), 23704: (1, 2), 23718: (1, 0), 23732: (0, 0), 23746: (0, 0), 23760: (1, 4), 23774: (1, 0), 23788: (1, 0), 23802: (0, 0), 23816: (0, 4), 23830: (1, 1), 23844: (2, 1), 23858: (2, 0), 23872: (2, 4), 23886: (1, 0), 23900: (1, 0), 23914: (2, 127), 23928: (2, 3), 23942: (1, 1), 23956: (1, 127), 23970: (1, 0), 23984: (1, 1), 23998: (0, 2), 24012: (0, 1), 24026: (1, 0), 24040: (1, 3), 24054: (1, 2), 24068: (1, 1), 24082: (1, 0), 24096: (1, 1), 24110: (1, 3), 24124: (1, 0), 24138: (0, 127), 24152: (255, 127), 24166: (1, 2), 24180: (2, 1), 24194: (2, 0), 24208: (0, 0), 24222: (0, 4), 24236: (1, 127), 24250: (1, 126), 24264: (1, 127), 24278: (2, 4), 24292: (1, 0), 24306: (2, 127), 24320: (2, 127), 24334: (1, 2), 24348: (2, 0), 24362: (2, 127), 24376: (2, 0), 24390: (1, 2), 24404: (0, 0), 24418: (1, 127), 24432: (1, 127), 24446: (1, 1), 24460: (1, 2), 24474: (0, 0), 24488: (0, 127), 24502: (0, 127), 24516: (1, 3), 24530: (1, 127), 24544: (1, 126), 24558: (0, 126), 24572: (0, 3), 24586: (1, 0), 24600: (1, 127), 24614: (1, 127), 24628: (1, 4), 24642: (0, 0), 24656: (0, 0), 24670: (0, 0), 24684: (0, 4), 24698: (0, 1), 24712: (0, 1), 24726: (0, 0), 24740: (0, 4), 24754: (255, 1), 24768: (1, 0), 24782: (2, 0), 24796: (0, 2), 24810: (0, 1), 24824: (0, 127), 24838: (1, 0), 24852: (0, 0), 24866: (0, 3), 24880: (0, 0), 24894: (0, 0), 24908: (0, 0), 24922: (255, 4), 24936: (255, 0), 24950: (255, 127), 24964: (0, 127), 24978: (0, 4), 24992: (0, 0), 25006: (0, 0), 25020: (255, 127), 25034: (1, 3), 25048: (1, 2), 25062: (1, 1), 25076: (0, 0), 25090: (0, 0), 25104: (0, 3), 25118: (1, 0), 25132: (1, 1), 25146: (0, 1), 25160: (0, 4), 25174: (0, 1), 25188: (0, 1), 25202: (255, 0), 25216: (0, 5), 25230: (0, 1), 25244: (0, 0), 25258: (0, 0), 25272: (0, 4), 25286: (0, 0), 25300: (0, 0), 25314: (0, 127), 25328: (1, 0), 25342: (1, 1), 25356: (0, 127), 25370: (0, 0), 25384: (1, 0), 25398: (0, 5), 25412: (255, 1), 25426: (0, 0), 25440: (0, 1), 25454: (255, 5), 25468: (255, 1), 25482: (0, 1), 25496: (0, 1), 25510: (255, 0), 25524: (0, 3), 25538: (0, 1), 25552: (255, 0), 25566: (255, 0), 25580: (0, 4), 25594: (1, 0), 25608: (255, 127), 25622: (255, 127), 25636: (0, 3), 25650: (0, 1), 25664: (255, 0), 25678: (0, 0), 25692: (0, 0), 25706: (0, 3), 25720: (0, 127), 25734: (1, 126), 25748: (1, 126), 25762: (0, 2), 25776: (1, 0), 25790: (1, 127), 25804: (0, 126), 25818: (255, 127), 25832: (1, 1), 25846: (1, 0), 25860: (0, 127), 25874: (0, 127), 25888: (0, 4), 25902: (0, 0), 25916: (0, 126), 25930: (0, 127), 25944: (0, 1), 25958: (0, 0), 25972: (0, 126), 25986: (0, 127), 26000: (0, 127), 26014: (0, 1), 26028: (0, 126), 26042: (1, 126), 26056: (0, 127), 26070: (255, 3), 26084: (0, 0), 26098: (0, 0), 26112: (0, 0), 26126: (1, 4), 26140: (1, 1), 26154: (0, 0), 26168: (255, 1), 26182: (0, 1), 26196: (1, 3), 26210: (0, 1), 26224: (0, 0), 26238: (0, 0), 26252: (1, 5), 26266: (0, 1), 26280: (0, 0), 26294: (1, 0), 26308: (0, 4), 26322: (1, 2), 26336: (0, 1), 26350: (0, 0), 26364: (255, 2), 26378: (1, 0), 26392: (1, 127), 26406: (0, 126), 26420: (255, 126), 26434: (0, 2), 26448: (1, 127), 26462: (0, 126), 26476: (0, 127), 26490: (0, 4), 26504: (0, 0), 26518: (255, 127), 26532: (0, 127), 26546: (0, 3), 26560: (0, 0), 26574: (255, 0), 26588: (255, 127), 26602: (255, 127), 26616: (255, 3), 26630: (0, 0), 26644: (0, 0), 26658: (255, 127), 26672: (255, 127), 26686: (0, 0), 26700: (1, 2), 26714: (2, 0), 26728: (2, 0), 26742: (1, 1), 26756: (1, 2), 26770: (1, 3), 26784: (1, 1), 26798: (1, 0), 26812: (1, 127), 26826: (0, 3), 26840: (0, 127), 26854: (0, 0), 26868: (0, 126), 26882: (0, 127), 26896: (0, 4), 26910: (0, 127), 26924: (0, 127), 26938: (0, 127), 26952: (0, 0), 26966: (0, 2), 26980: (0, 0), 26994: (0, 127), 27008: (0, 0), 27022: (255, 5), 27036: (0, 0), 27050: (1, 1), 27064: (0, 0), 27078: (255, 4), 27092: (0, 1), 27106: (0, 0), 27120: (0, 0), 27134: (255, 2), 27148: (0, 1), 27162: (0, 0), 27176: (255, 0), 27190: (255, 2), 27204: (0, 1), 27218: (255, 127), 27232: (255, 127), 27246: (0, 0), 27260: (0, 3), 27274: (255, 0), 27288: (255, 0), 27302: (0, 0), 27316: (0, 4), 27330: (255, 0), 27344: (255, 127), 27358: (255, 127), 27372: (255, 4), 27386: (0, 1), 27400: (0, 1), 27414: (0, 0), 27428: (255, 3), 27442: (255, 2), 27456: (1, 1), 27470: (0, 1), 27484: (255, 1), 27498: (0, 2), 27512: (1, 2), 27526: (0, 2), 27540: (255, 0), 27554: (0, 0), 27568: (1, 5), 27582: (0, 1), 27596: (255, 0), 27610: (0, 0), 27624: (0, 0), 27638: (1, 3), 27652: (1, 0), 27666: (0, 127), 27680: (255, 0), 27694: (0, 4), 27708: (2, 2), 27722: (2, 1), 27736: (2, 1), 27750: (1, 2), 27764: (1, 4), 27778: (1, 2), 27792: (1, 1), 27806: (1, 0), 27820: (0, 4), 27834: (0, 1), 27848: (0, 1), 27862: (0, 1), 27876: (255, 5), 27890: (0, 1), 27904: (1, 1), 27918: (1, 1), 27932: (0, 5), 27946: (255, 1), 27960: (0, 0), 27974: (1, 0), 27988: (0, 4), 28002: (1, 1), 28016: (0, 0), 28030: (255, 127), 28044: (255, 0), 28058: (1, 3), 28072: (1, 1), 28086: (0, 0), 28100: (0, 0), 28114: (0, 3), 28128: (0, 2), 28142: (0, 0), 28156: (1, 1), 28170: (1, 0), 28184: (0, 3), 28198: (0, 0), 28212: (0, 127), 28226: (0, 127), 28240: (1, 3), 28254: (1, 0), 28268: (0, 126), 28282: (255, 126), 28296: (255, 1), 28310: (0, 0), 28324: (1, 0), 28338: (1, 0), 28352: (0, 0), 28366: (0, 1), 28380: (0, 127), 28394: (0, 127), 28408: (0, 0), 28422: (1, 2), 28436: (0, 127), 28450: (0, 127), 28464: (0, 126), 28478: (0, 2), 28492: (0, 127), 28506: (1, 127), 28520: (1, 127), 28534: (0, 4), 28548: (255, 0), 28562: (255, 127), 28576: (0, 127), 28590: (0, 4), 28604: (0, 0), 28618: (255, 127), 28632: (255, 127), 28646: (0, 4), 28660: (0, 0), 28674: (0, 127), 28688: (0, 127), 28702: (255, 3), 28716: (0, 1), 28730: (0, 0), 28744: (255, 127), 28758: (255, 1), 28772: (0, 2), 28786: (0, 0), 28800: (255, 0), 28814: (255, 127), 28828: (0, 4), 28842: (0, 0), 28856: (0, 0), 28870: (255, 0), 28884: (255, 2), 28898: (255, 1), 28912: (0, 0), 28926: (0, 0), 28940: (255, 127), 28954: (255, 4), 28968: (0, 0), 28982: (0, 0), 28996: (255, 127), 29010: (255, 127), 29024: (0, 2), 29038: (0, 1), 29052: (0, 1), 29066: (255, 1), 29080: (255, 1), 29094: (255, 1), 29108: (0, 5), 29122: (0, 2), 29136: (0, 1), 29150: (255, 0), 29164: (0, 0), 29178: (0, 4), 29192: (0, 1), 29206: (255, 1), 29220: (0, 1), 29234: (0, 1), 29248: (255, 3), 29262: (0, 2), 29276: (0, 0), 29290: (255, 0), 29304: (255, 0), 29318: (0, 4), 29332: (1, 1), 29346: (255, 127), 29360: (254, 0), 29374: (0, 1), 29388: (1, 5), 29402: (0, 2), 29416: (0, 0), 29430: (0, 0), 29444: (0, 3), 29458: (0, 2), 29472: (0, 1), 29486: (0, 1), 29500: (255, 1), 29514: (0, 5), 29528: (0, 1), 29542: (255, 0), 29556: (255, 0), 29570: (0, 4), 29584: (1, 2), 29598: (0, 0), 29612: (255, 127), 29626: (0, 1), 29640: (0, 4), 29654: (0, 1), 29668: (0, 0), 29682: (1, 0), 29696: (1, 4), 29710: (0, 0), 29724: (1, 0), 29738: (1, 0), 29752: (1, 3), 29766: (2, 1), 29780: (2, 1), 29794: (1, 0), 29808: (0, 2), 29822: (1, 1), 29836: (2, 1), 29850: (1, 0), 29864: (0, 3), 29878: (0, 2), 29892: (0, 1), 29906: (0, 1), 29920: (1, 2), 29934: (2, 1), 29948: (1, 0), 29962: (0, 127), 29976: (0, 2), 29990: (1, 1), 30004: (1, 127), 30018: (0, 127), 30032: (1, 2), 30046: (1, 127), 30060: (0, 126), 30074: (0, 127), 30088: (1, 3), 30102: (0, 0), 30116: (0, 127), 30130: (0, 127), 30144: (0, 4), 30158: (0, 0), 30172: (0, 127), 30186: (1, 127), 30200: (0, 4), 30214: (255, 127), 30228: (255, 127), 30242: (0, 127), 30256: (1, 4), 30270: (0, 0), 30284: (0, 0), 30298: (0, 0), 30312: (0, 4), 30326: (1, 1), 30340: (1, 1), 30354: (0, 127), 30368: (0, 4), 30382: (1, 1), 30396: (0, 0), 30410: (0, 0), 30424: (0, 4), 30438: (1, 2), 30452: (0, 1), 30466: (0, 1), 30480: (0, 4), 30494: (0, 1), 30508: (0, 0), 30522: (0, 127), 30536: (1, 1), 30550: (0, 0), 30564: (255, 0), 30578: (0, 0), 30592: (1, 1), 30606: (0, 2), 30620: (0, 0), 30634: (0, 0), 30648: (0, 127), 30662: (255, 4), 30676: (0, 0), 30690: (0, 127), 30704: (255, 127), 30718: (255, 2), 30732: (0, 1), 30746: (0, 0), 30760: (0, 0), 30774: (0, 0), 30788: (1, 4), 30802: (0, 0), 30816: (255, 0), 30830: (0, 0), 30844: (1, 1), 30858: (1, 3), 30872: (0, 0), 30886: (0, 0), 30900: (0, 1), 30914: (0, 5), 30928: (0, 2), 30942: (0, 2), 30956: (255, 1), 30970: (255, 5), 30984: (0, 1), 30998: (0, 1), 31012: (255, 1), 31026: (0, 1), 31040: (1, 2), 31054: (0, 1), 31068: (255, 127), 31082: (255, 127), 31096: (0, 4), 31110: (1, 0), 31124: (0, 0), 31138: (0, 0), 31152: (255, 5), 31166: (0, 1), 31180: (0, 0), 31194: (1, 1), 31208: (0, 4), 31222: (255, 0), 31236: (255, 0), 31250: (0, 0), 31264: (0, 3), 31278: (0, 2), 31292: (0, 1), 31306: (0, 1), 31320: (0, 2), 31334: (255, 2), 31348: (0, 1), 31362: (1, 1), 31376: (0, 1), 31390: (0, 2), 31404: (0, 0), 31418: (0, 0), 31432: (0, 0), 31446: (1, 2), 31460: (0, 0), 31474: (0, 0), 31488: (255, 0), 31502: (255, 3), 31516: (0, 0), 31530: (0, 0), 31544: (0, 0), 31558: (0, 3), 31572: (255, 0), 31586: (255, 0), 31600: (0, 0), 31614: (0, 4), 31628: (0, 0), 31642: (255, 0), 31656: (0, 127), 31670: (255, 4), 31684: (255, 0), 31698: (0, 0), 31712: (0, 1), 31726: (0, 5), 31740: (0, 1), 31754: (0, 1), 31768: (255, 0), 31782: (0, 4), 31796: (1, 2), 31810: (0, 1), 31824: (255, 0), 31838: (255, 1), 31852: (0, 3), 31866: (0, 1), 31880: (0, 1), 31894: (255, 1), 31908: (0, 5), 31922: (255, 2), 31936: (255, 1), 31950: (255, 1), 31964: (0, 6), 31978: (0, 1), 31992: (0, 2), 32006: (0, 1), 32020: (0, 4), 32034: (0, 2), 32048: (1, 1), 32062: (1, 1), 32076: (0, 1), 32090: (255, 2), 32104: (0, 1), 32118: (0, 1), 32132: (0, 1), 32146: (0, 5), 32160: (0, 1), 32174: (0, 1), 32188: (0, 1), 32202: (0, 5), 32216: (0, 1), 32230: (0, 0), 32244: (255, 0), 32258: (255, 2), 32272: (255, 1), 32286: (255, 0), 32300: (255, 0), 32314: (0, 1), 32328: (1, 3), 32342: (255, 0), 32356: (255, 0), 32370: (0, 0), 32384: (0, 4), 32398: (255, 0), 32412: (255, 0), 32426: (255, 0), 32440: (255, 3), 32454: (0, 1), 32468: (0, 0), 32482: (0, 1), 32496: (0, 0), 32510: (0, 3), 32524: (0, 1), 32538: (0, 1), 32552: (0, 0), 32566: (0, 4), 32580: (0, 2), 32594: (255, 0), 32608: (0, 1), 32622: (0, 0), 32636: (255, 6), 32650: (255, 2), 32664: (0, 1), 32678: (255, 0), 32692: (255, 4), 32706: (0, 2), 32720: (0, 2), 32734: (255, 1), 32748: (255, 1), 32762: (0, 5), 32776: (0, 2), 32790: (255, 1), 32804: (0, 1), 32818: (0, 2), 32832: (0, 2), 32846: (255, 1), 32860: (1, 1), 32874: (1, 1), 32888: (0, 6), 32902: (0, 2), 32916: (2, 2), 32930: (2, 2), 32944: (0, 4), 32958: (1, 2), 32972: (2, 1), 32986: (2, 1), 33000: (1, 2), 33014: (1, 1), 33028: (2, 2), 33042: (1, 1), 33056: (1, 2), 33070: (1, 2), 33084: (1, 0), 33098: (0, 0), 33112: (0, 1), 33126: (0, 3), 33140: (0, 0), 33154: (255, 0), 33168: (0, 0), 33182: (0, 5), 33196: (0, 0), 33210: (0, 0), 33224: (0, 0), 33238: (0, 4), 33252: (0, 0), 33266: (0, 0), 33280: (0, 127), 33294: (0, 4), 33308: (0, 0), 33322: (0, 0), 33336: (0, 127), 33350: (0, 4), 33364: (0, 0), 33378: (0, 0), 33392: (255, 127), 33406: (255, 3), 33420: (255, 0), 33434: (255, 0), 33448: (0, 0), 33462: (1, 5), 33476: (2, 1), 33490: (1, 127), 33504: (1, 127), 33518: (1, 3), 33532: (1, 2), 33546: (1, 2), 33560: (0, 0), 33574: (1, 3), 33588: (1, 2), 33602: (0, 1), 33616: (0, 0), 33630: (2, 3), 33644: (2, 1), 33658: (1, 0), 33672: (1, 0), 33686: (1, 2), 33700: (0, 1), 33714: (1, 1), 33728: (2, 1), 33742: (1, 2), 33756: (0, 1), 33770: (1, 0), 33784: (2, 0), 33798: (2, 1), 33812: (2, 3), 33826: (1, 0), 33840: (1, 0), 33854: (0, 0), 33868: (0, 3), 33882: (1, 0), 33896: (0, 0), 33910: (0, 0), 33924: (0, 3), 33938: (1, 0), 33952: (0, 126), 33966: (0, 126), 33980: (0, 4), 33994: (0, 0), 34008: (255, 127), 34022: (255, 0), 34036: (0, 5), 34050: (1, 1), 34064: (0, 0), 34078: (255, 0), 34092: (255, 5), 34106: (0, 1), 34120: (1, 127), 34134: (1, 127), 34148: (1, 4), 34162: (0, 0), 34176: (1, 0), 34190: (1, 0), 34204: (0, 4), 34218: (255, 1), 34232: (0, 1), 34246: (1, 1), 34260: (0, 2), 34274: (0, 0), 34288: (0, 0), 34302: (1, 127), 34316: (1, 127), 34330: (1, 3), 34344: (1, 127), 34358: (0, 125), 34372: (0, 124), 34386: (1, 0), 34400: (2, 126), 34414: (1, 125), 34428: (0, 126), 34442: (0, 2), 34456: (0, 0), 34470: (1, 0), 34484: (1, 127), 34498: (0, 4), 34512: (1, 0), 34526: (0, 0), 34540: (1, 0), 34554: (0, 4), 34568: (0, 1), 34582: (0, 1), 34596: (0, 1), 34610: (255, 3), 34624: (255, 2), 34638: (255, 1), 34652: (1, 1), 34666: (1, 1), 34680: (0, 2), 34694: (255, 1), 34708: (0, 1), 34722: (1, 1), 34736: (1, 3), 34750: (1, 0), 34764: (0, 0), 34778: (0, 0), 34792: (0, 2), 34806: (0, 0), 34820: (0, 0), 34834: (0, 0), 34848: (0, 3), 34862: (0, 0), 34876: (255, 127), 34890: (0, 0), 34904: (1, 3), 34918: (1, 0), 34932: (0, 127), 34946: (0, 0), 34960: (255, 2), 34974: (0, 0), 34988: (0, 127), 35002: (0, 1), 35016: (255, 2), 35030: (255, 0), 35044: (255, 0), 35058: (0, 2), 35072: (0, 1), 35086: (254, 1), 35100: (255, 0), 35114: (255, 1), 35128: (255, 3), 35142: (255, 0), 35156: (0, 0), 35170: (255, 0), 35184: (0, 3), 35198: (0, 0), 35212: (0, 1), 35226: (0, 0), 35240: (0, 4), 35254: (1, 1), 35268: (1, 0), 35282: (255, 0), 35296: (255, 4), 35310: (0, 1), 35324: (0, 1), 35338: (0, 0), 35352: (1, 6), 35366: (1, 1), 35380: (0, 0), 35394: (1, 0), 35408: (1, 5), 35422: (2, 1), 35436: (1, 1), 35450: (0, 1), 35464: (0, 4), 35478: (0, 1), 35492: (255, 0), 35506: (0, 1), 35520: (1, 5), 35534: (0, 2), 35548: (255, 1), 35562: (255, 1), 35576: (0, 4), 35590: (0, 3), 35604: (0, 1), 35618: (0, 1), 35632: (255, 2), 35646: (255, 3), 35660: (0, 2), 35674: (0, 1), 35688: (0, 2), 35702: (0, 4), 35716: (0, 2), 35730: (1, 1), 35744: (0, 0), 35758: (0, 4), 35772: (0, 1), 35786: (0, 0), 35800: (255, 0), 35814: (0, 4), 35828: (0, 0), 35842: (255, 0), 35856: (0, 0), 35870: (0, 4), 35884: (255, 1), 35898: (255, 2), 35912: (0, 1), 35926: (0, 5), 35940: (0, 1), 35954: (255, 0), 35968: (255, 127), 35982: (0, 1), 35996: (0, 2), 36010: (0, 0), 36024: (255, 0), 36038: (255, 127), 36052: (255, 4), 36066: (0, 0), 36080: (255, 0), 36094: (255, 0), 36108: (255, 3), 36122: (0, 2), 36136: (0, 1), 36150: (255, 1), 36164: (255, 0), 36178: (0, 5), 36192: (255, 1), 36206: (255, 1), 36220: (0, 1), 36234: (0, 3), 36248: (0, 0), 36262: (1, 127), 36276: (1, 126), 36290: (255, 126), 36304: (255, 3), 36318: (1, 0), 36332: (1, 0), 36346: (0, 127), 36360: (255, 3), 36374: (0, 1), 36388: (1, 0), 36402: (0, 0), 36416: (0, 1), 36430: (0, 2), 36444: (0, 0), 36458: (0, 127), 36472: (1, 126), 36486: (0, 3), 36500: (255, 0), 36514: (0, 0), 36528: (1, 2), 36542: (0, 3), 36556: (255, 1), 36570: (255, 0), 36584: (0, 0), 36598: (255, 0), 36612: (255, 3), 36626: (255, 0), 36640: (0, 0), 36654: (0, 0), 36668: (255, 3), 36682: (0, 1), 36696: (0, 0), 36710: (0, 0), 36724: (0, 1), 36738: (1, 3), 36752: (0, 1), 36766: (255, 0), 36780: (0, 0), 36794: (0, 5), 36808: (0, 1), 36822: (255, 0), 36836: (0, 1), 36850: (1, 3), 36864: (0, 2), 36878: (255, 127), 36892: (255, 127), 36906: (255, 127), 36920: (0, 1), 36934: (0, 127), 36948: (0, 127), 36962: (255, 127), 36976: (255, 3), 36990: (1, 0), 37004: (1, 127), 37018: (0, 127), 37032: (0, 0), 37046: (1, 2), 37060: (1, 0), 37074: (0, 0), 37088: (0, 0), 37102: (1, 4), 37116: (0, 0), 37130: (0, 0), 37144: (0, 0), 37158: (0, 4), 37172: (2, 2), 37186: (2, 2), 37200: (1, 1), 37214: (255, 3), 37228: (255, 1), 37242: (0, 127), 37256: (0, 127), 37270: (0, 1), 37284: (255, 1), 37298: (0, 127), 37312: (255, 127), 37326: (255, 127), 37340: (0, 3), 37354: (0, 0), 37368: (255, 127), 37382: (255, 127), 37396: (0, 3), 37410: (255, 127), 37424: (255, 0), 37438: (1, 1), 37452: (1, 4), 37466: (255, 1), 37480: (255, 127), 37494: (255, 127), 37508: (0, 6), 37522: (0, 1), 37536: (0, 1), 37550: (0, 1), 37564: (255, 5), 37578: (255, 1), 37592: (0, 1), 37606: (1, 2), 37620: (0, 5), 37634: (255, 2), 37648: (0, 2), 37662: (0, 1), 37676: (0, 5), 37690: (0, 2), 37704: (0, 1), 37718: (0, 1), 37732: (255, 4), 37746: (0, 2), 37760: (0, 1), 37774: (0, 1), 37788: (255, 3), 37802: (0, 3), 37816: (0, 1), 37830: (255, 0), 37844: (0, 3), 37858: (0, 4), 37872: (0, 2), 37886: (0, 0), 37900: (0, 1), 37914: (1, 3), 37928: (0, 1), 37942: (0, 1), 37956: (1, 0), 37970: (1, 1), 37984: (0, 3), 37998: (255, 1), 38012: (0, 1), 38026: (0, 0), 38040: (0, 0), 38054: (0, 4), 38068: (0, 127), 38082: (0, 126), 38096: (0, 125), 38110: (1, 126), 38124: (2, 127), 38138: (1, 124), 38152: (0, 123), 38166: (0, 123), 38180: (0, 1), 38194: (0, 127), 38208: (1, 0), 38222: (0, 126), 38236: (255, 3), 38250: (0, 127), 38264: (1, 127), 38278: (0, 127), 38292: (0, 3), 38306: (0, 0), 38320: (0, 0), 38334: (0, 127), 38348: (255, 1), 38362: (0, 127), 38376: (1, 126), 38390: (1, 125), 38404: (1, 125), 38418: (0, 126), 38432: (0, 125), 38446: (0, 126), 38460: (1, 126), 38474: (0, 2), 38488: (255, 126), 38502: (0, 127), 38516: (0, 0), 38530: (1, 3), 38544: (0, 1), 38558: (1, 1), 38572: (0, 127), 38586: (255, 0), 38600: (0, 3), 38614: (0, 0), 38628: (0, 0), 38642: (0, 0), 38656: (255, 4), 38670: (0, 1), 38684: (0, 0), 38698: (0, 1), 38712: (1, 5), 38726: (1, 1), 38740: (0, 127), 38754: (0, 125), 38768: (1, 126), 38782: (3, 125), 38796: (2, 124), 38810: (2, 125), 38824: (1, 125), 38838: (1, 0), 38852: (0, 126), 38866: (1, 127), 38880: (1, 127), 38894: (0, 3), 38908: (0, 0), 38922: (0, 0), 38936: (1, 0), 38950: (0, 3), 38964: (0, 0), 38978: (0, 127), 38992: (0, 0), 39006: (255, 2), 39020: (0, 1), 39034: (0, 0), 39048: (0, 0), 39062: (255, 1), 39076: (0, 2), 39090: (255, 0), 39104: (254, 0), 39118: (0, 1), 39132: (1, 3), 39146: (0, 1), 39160: (255, 0), 39174: (0, 0), 39188: (0, 4), 39202: (255, 1), 39216: (255, 0), 39230: (0, 1), 39244: (0, 4), 39258: (255, 1), 39272: (255, 0), 39286: (0, 0), 39300: (0, 3), 39314: (0, 2), 39328: (0, 1), 39342: (255, 0), 39356: (255, 2), 39370: (0, 3), 39384: (1, 2), 39398: (0, 1), 39412: (255, 1), 39426: (255, 3), 39440: (0, 1), 39454: (0, 1), 39468: (0, 1), 39482: (0, 4), 39496: (255, 0), 39510: (254, 1), 39524: (0, 0), 39538: (0, 5), 39552: (0, 0), 39566: (255, 0), 39580: (255, 1), 39594: (0, 5), 39608: (0, 2), 39622: (255, 1), 39636: (0, 1), 39650: (0, 4), 39664: (255, 2), 39678: (255, 1), 39692: (255, 1), 39706: (255, 3), 39720: (255, 4), 39734: (0, 2), 39748: (255, 1), 39762: (255, 2), 39776: (0, 4), 39790: (1, 2), 39804: (0, 1), 39818: (255, 0), 39832: (255, 5), 39846: (0, 1), 39860: (0, 0), 39874: (255, 0), 39888: (0, 4), 39902: (0, 1), 39916: (0, 1), 39930: (1, 0), 39944: (1, 5), 39958: (0, 1), 39972: (255, 0), 39986: (255, 0), 40000: (0, 5), 40014: (0, 1), 40028: (255, 0), 40042: (0, 1), 40056: (0, 4), 40070: (255, 2), 40084: (255, 0), 40098: (255, 0), 40112: (255, 0), 40126: (255, 4), 40140: (255, 1), 40154: (255, 0), 40168: (254, 0), 40182: (255, 0), 40196: (0, 5), 40210: (0, 2), 40224: (255, 1), 40238: (255, 1), 40252: (255, 1), 40266: (255, 5), 40280: (255, 2), 40294: (0, 2), 40308: (0, 1), 40322: (255, 1), 40336: (255, 5), 40350: (0, 2), 40364: (0, 1), 40378: (0, 2), 40392: (0, 1), 40406: (0, 5), 40420: (255, 1), 40434: (255, 0), 40448: (0, 0), 40462: (0, 0), 40476: (0, 5), 40490: (255, 0), 40504: (255, 0), 40518: (0, 0), 40532: (0, 127), 40546: (0, 2), 40560: (0, 127), 40574: (255, 127), 40588: (0, 127), 40602: (0, 2), 40616: (1, 0), 40630: (1, 127), 40644: (0, 127), 40658: (0, 127), 40672: (0, 3), 40686: (255, 0), 40700: (0, 127), 40714: (0, 127), 40728: (0, 2), 40742: (0, 1), 40756: (255, 127), 40770: (255, 127), 40784: (255, 127), 40798: (0, 3), 40812: (1, 127), 40826: (0, 125), 40840: (255, 126), 40854: (255, 2), 40868: (0, 1), 40882: (0, 0), 40896: (0, 126), 40910: (1, 127), 40924: (0, 3), 40938: (0, 127), 40952: (255, 127), 40966: (0, 127), 40980: (0, 3), 40994: (0, 0), 41008: (255, 127), 41022: (254, 127), 41036: (255, 127), 41050: (0, 4), 41064: (0, 1), 41078: (255, 0), 41092: (255, 0), 41106: (255, 4), 41120: (0, 1), 41134: (0, 1), 41148: (0, 1), 41162: (0, 2), 41176: (0, 2), 41190: (255, 1), 41204: (255, 1), 41218: (0, 1), 41232: (0, 5), 41246: (255, 1), 41260: (255, 0), 41274: (0, 0), 41288: (0, 1), 41302: (255, 2), 41316: (0, 1), 41330: (0, 1), 41344: (255, 0), 41358: (255, 3), 41372: (0, 1), 41386: (0, 1), 41400: (255, 0), 41414: (255, 5), 41428: (255, 1), 41442: (255, 1), 41456: (255, 1), 41470: (255, 3), 41484: (0, 2), 41498: (254, 1), 41512: (255, 1), 41526: (0, 1), 41540: (255, 3), 41554: (255, 0), 41568: (255, 0), 41582: (0, 0), 41596: (255, 4), 41610: (254, 0), 41624: (255, 1), 41638: (0, 1), 41652: (255, 3), 41666: (255, 1), 41680: (0, 1), 41694: (255, 0), 41708: (255, 0), 41722: (255, 4), 41736: (0, 0), 41750: (0, 126), 41764: (255, 126), 41778: (255, 1), 41792: (0, 1), 41806: (255, 127), 41820: (0, 127), 41834: (0, 127), 41848: (255, 4), 41862: (255, 1), 41876: (255, 0), 41890: (255, 0), 41904: (255, 3), 41918: (255, 1), 41932: (255, 0), 41946: (255, 0), 41960: (254, 0), 41974: (255, 4), 41988: (0, 1), 42002: (0, 1), 42016: (255, 0), 42030: (254, 2), 42044: (255, 2), 42058: (255, 1), 42072: (255, 0), 42086: (255, 0), 42100: (255, 5), 42114: (255, 1), 42128: (255, 0), 42142: (255, 0), 42156: (255, 3), 42170: (255, 2), 42184: (255, 1), 42198: (255, 1), 42212: (255, 0), 42226: (255, 5), 42240: (0, 2), 42254: (0, 1), 42268: (255, 0), 42282: (255, 1), 42296: (0, 3), 42310: (255, 1), 42324: (0, 1), 42338: (0, 1), 42352: (255, 4), 42366: (255, 2), 42380: (255, 1), 42394: (0, 1), 42408: (0, 127), 42422: (255, 3), 42436: (255, 1), 42450: (255, 1), 42464: (255, 1), 42478: (254, 3), 42492: (255, 3), 42506: (0, 2), 42520: (0, 2), 42534: (255, 1), 42548: (255, 6), 42562: (255, 1), 42576: (255, 2), 42590: (0, 2), 42604: (0, 5), 42618: (255, 3), 42632: (254, 2), 42646: (255, 1), 42660: (0, 2), 42674: (1, 5), 42688: (1, 0), 42702: (1, 127), 42716: (1, 0), 42730: (0, 3), 42744: (1, 1), 42758: (1, 0), 42772: (0, 0), 42786: (0, 1), 42800: (1, 3), 42814: (1, 1), 42828: (255, 0), 42842: (0, 1), 42856: (0, 4), 42870: (0, 1), 42884: (255, 0), 42898: (255, 0), 42912: (0, 0), 42926: (0, 2), 42940: (0, 0), 42954: (0, 127), 42968: (0, 126), 42982: (0, 1), 42996: (0, 126), 43010: (2, 126), 43024: (1, 126), 43038: (0, 125), 43052: (0, 2), 43066: (1, 0), 43080: (255, 0), 43094: (0, 127), 43108: (0, 4), 43122: (0, 1), 43136: (255, 0), 43150: (255, 0), 43164: (255, 4), 43178: (255, 1), 43192: (0, 1), 43206: (0, 0), 43220: (0, 3), 43234: (255, 1), 43248: (0, 127), 43262: (1, 127), 43276: (0, 1), 43290: (255, 1), 43304: (0, 0), 43318: (0, 0), 43332: (255, 2), 43346: (255, 1), 43360: (0, 0), 43374: (0, 0), 43388: (0, 1), 43402: (0, 2), 43416: (0, 0), 43430: (255, 127), 43444: (255, 0), 43458: (0, 2), 43472: (255, 0), 43486: (255, 0), 43500: (0, 1), 43514: (0, 4), 43528: (1, 1), 43542: (0, 1), 43556: (0, 127), 43570: (0, 5), 43584: (0, 1), 43598: (255, 0), 43612: (0, 0), 43626: (255, 4), 43640: (255, 1), 43654: (255, 0), 43668: (0, 0), 43682: (255, 3), 43696: (254, 1), 43710: (254, 0), 43724: (255, 0), 43738: (255, 1), 43752: (255, 2), 43766: (254, 0), 43780: (254, 0), 43794: (255, 0), 43808: (255, 4), 43822: (255, 0), 43836: (255, 0), 43850: (254, 127), 43864: (255, 1), 43878: (255, 4), 43892: (254, 1), 43906: (255, 1), 43920: (0, 1), 43934: (0, 5), 43948: (255, 2), 43962: (254, 1), 43976: (0, 2), 43990: (0, 1), 44004: (0, 4), 44018: (255, 3), 44032: (255, 2), 44046: (254, 1), 44060: (255, 1), 44074: (255, 6), 44088: (255, 3), 44102: (255, 2), 44116: (255, 1), 44130: (0, 2), 44144: (255, 3), 44158: (255, 1), 44172: (0, 1), 44186: (0, 1), 44200: (255, 5), 44214: (255, 2), 44228: (255, 1), 44242: (255, 1), 44256: (0, 3), 44270: (0, 3), 44284: (255, 1), 44298: (255, 2), 44312: (254, 1), 44326: (255, 5), 44340: (255, 1), 44354: (255, 1), 44368: (254, 0), 44382: (255, 5), 44396: (255, 1), 44410: (254, 0), 44424: (254, 0), 44438: (255, 4), 44452: (0, 1), 44466: (255, 0), 44480: (255, 126), 44494: (255, 3), 44508: (255, 0), 44522: (255, 0), 44536: (255, 0), 44550: (255, 3), 44564: (254, 1), 44578: (254, 0), 44592: (255, 0), 44606: (255, 3), 44620: (255, 2), 44634: (254, 1), 44648: (254, 0), 44662: (255, 1), 44676: (255, 3), 44690: (255, 1), 44704: (0, 1), 44718: (255, 1), 44732: (255, 5), 44746: (255, 2), 44760: (255, 1), 44774: (255, 1), 44788: (0, 1), 44802: (0, 4), 44816: (254, 1), 44830: (254, 1), 44844: (255, 2), 44858: (0, 5), 44872: (0, 2), 44886: (255, 1), 44900: (255, 1), 44914: (255, 2), 44928: (0, 4), 44942: (0, 3), 44956: (0, 1), 44970: (255, 1), 44984: (255, 3), 44998: (0, 3), 45012: (255, 1), 45026: (255, 1), 45040: (0, 2), 45054: (0, 6), 45068: (0, 3), 45082: (0, 1), 45096: (1, 1), 45110: (2, 5), 45124: (1, 3), 45138: (1, 1), 45152: (2, 1), 45166: (1, 1), 45180: (0, 3), 45194: (1, 2), 45208: (0, 1), 45222: (255, 1), 45236: (255, 4), 45250: (0, 2), 45264: (0, 1), 45278: (0, 1), 45292: (0, 5), 45306: (0, 1), 45320: (255, 0), 45334: (255, 0), 45348: (0, 3), 45362: (0, 127), 45376: (0, 127), 45390: (0, 0), 45404: (0, 2), 45418: (255, 1), 45432: (255, 0), 45446: (255, 0), 45460: (0, 1), 45474: (255, 2), 45488: (254, 0), 45502: (255, 0), 45516: (0, 0), 45530: (0, 4), 45544: (254, 0), 45558: (255, 0), 45572: (0, 1), 45586: (0, 2), 45600: (1, 3), 45614: (1, 1), 45628: (1, 2), 45642: (1, 2), 45656: (1, 4), 45670: (0, 1), 45684: (255, 0), 45698: (0, 0), 45712: (1, 5), 45726: (0, 1), 45740: (255, 0), 45754: (255, 0), 45768: (255, 4), 45782: (0, 2), 45796: (0, 1), 45810: (0, 0), 45824: (255, 4), 45838: (255, 2), 45852: (255, 1), 45866: (0, 0), 45880: (0, 3), 45894: (255, 1), 45908: (255, 1), 45922: (255, 1), 45936: (255, 1), 45950: (255, 2), 45964: (0, 1), 45978: (0, 1), 45992: (255, 1), 46006: (255, 5), 46020: (255, 1), 46034: (255, 1), 46048: (255, 1), 46062: (0, 5), 46076: (255, 1), 46090: (254, 0), 46104: (255, 127), 46118: (0, 0), 46132: (0, 3), 46146: (255, 1), 46160: (255, 127), 46174: (0, 0), 46188: (0, 4), 46202: (255, 0), 46216: (0, 0), 46230: (0, 0), 46244: (255, 4), 46258: (255, 1), 46272: (255, 0), 46286: (255, 0), 46300: (255, 2), 46314: (0, 2), 46328: (0, 1), 46342: (0, 0), 46356: (0, 0), 46370: (1, 4), 46384: (1, 3), 46398: (0, 1), 46412: (255, 0), 46426: (0, 1), 46440: (0, 3), 46454: (255, 1), 46468: (0, 1), 46482: (0, 1), 46496: (255, 0), 46510: (255, 5), 46524: (255, 2), 46538: (255, 1), 46552: (255, 1), 46566: (255, 1), 46580: (0, 3), 46594: (0, 1), 46608: (255, 0), 46622: (0, 0), 46636: (0, 4), 46650: (0, 1), 46664: (0, 0), 46678: (0, 0), 46692: (0, 0), 46706: (0, 1), 46720: (0, 127), 46734: (1, 0), 46748: (0, 127), 46762: (255, 4), 46776: (0, 2), 46790: (0, 1), 46804: (255, 0), 46818: (255, 3), 46832: (0, 3), 46846: (0, 2), 46860: (255, 1), 46874: (0, 1), 46888: (0, 4), 46902: (255, 1), 46916: (255, 1), 46930: (0, 1), 46944: (255, 5), 46958: (255, 1), 46972: (0, 0), 46986: (0, 0), 47000: (255, 4), 47014: (255, 1), 47028: (0, 1), 47042: (255, 0), 47056: (255, 4), 47070: (255, 1), 47084: (255, 0), 47098: (0, 0), 47112: (255, 3), 47126: (0, 1), 47140: (0, 1), 47154: (255, 0), 47168: (0, 2), 47182: (1, 0), 47196: (2, 126), 47210: (1, 126), 47224: (1, 126), 47238: (1, 126), 47252: (1, 125), 47266: (255, 126), 47280: (0, 126), 47294: (0, 2), 47308: (0, 0), 47322: (255, 0), 47336: (255, 0), 47350: (0, 5), 47364: (0, 1), 47378: (255, 1), 47392: (0, 1), 47406: (0, 5), 47420: (255, 1), 47434: (255, 1), 47448: (0, 1), 47462: (0, 6), 47476: (255, 1), 47490: (255, 1), 47504: (255, 0), 47518: (255, 5), 47532: (255, 1), 47546: (255, 1), 47560: (255, 0), 47574: (254, 5), 47588: (255, 1), 47602: (255, 0), 47616: (255, 0), 47630: (255, 4), 47644: (0, 2), 47658: (0, 1), 47672: (255, 1), 47686: (254, 4), 47700: (255, 2), 47714: (0, 1), 47728: (0, 1), 47742: (255, 4), 47756: (255, 2), 47770: (254, 1), 47784: (255, 1), 47798: (0, 4), 47812: (0, 3), 47826: (255, 1), 47840: (255, 1), 47854: (0, 5), 47868: (0, 2), 47882: (255, 1), 47896: (0, 2), 47910: (0, 4), 47924: (0, 2), 47938: (255, 1), 47952: (255, 1), 47966: (0, 4), 47980: (0, 3), 47994: (0, 2), 48008: (255, 1), 48022: (255, 2), 48036: (0, 2), 48050: (0, 0), 48064: (0, 0), 48078: (0, 2), 48092: (255, 2), 48106: (255, 1), 48120: (0, 1), 48134: (0, 2), 48148: (0, 2), 48162: (0, 1), 48176: (0, 0), 48190: (255, 1), 48204: (255, 2), 48218: (255, 0), 48232: (255, 0), 48246: (255, 0), 48260: (0, 3), 48274: (255, 0), 48288: (254, 127), 48302: (255, 127), 48316: (0, 5), 48330: (255, 1), 48344: (255, 0), 48358: (254, 0), 48372: (255, 5), 48386: (255, 1), 48400: (255, 1), 48414: (255, 0), 48428: (255, 5), 48442: (254, 1), 48456: (254, 0), 48470: (255, 0), 48484: (255, 1), 48498: (255, 4), 48512: (255, 2), 48526: (255, 1), 48540: (254, 0), 48554: (254, 5), 48568: (0, 3), 48582: (255, 1), 48596: (255, 1), 48610: (254, 0), 48624: (255, 5), 48638: (255, 2), 48652: (0, 2), 48666: (255, 1), 48680: (255, 6), 48694: (255, 3), 48708: (255, 2), 48722: (0, 3), 48736: (0, 1), 48750: (255, 5), 48764: (255, 2), 48778: (255, 1), 48792: (255, 1), 48806: (255, 5), 48820: (0, 2), 48834: (0, 2), 48848: (255, 1), 48862: (255, 4), 48876: (0, 2), 48890: (255, 1), 48904: (255, 0), 48918: (0, 1), 48932: (0, 5), 48946: (255, 1), 48960: (254, 0), 48974: (255, 0), 48988: (255, 3), 49002: (255, 1), 49016: (255, 0), 49030: (255, 0), 49044: (255, 2), 49058: (255, 2), 49072: (255, 1), 49086: (0, 1), 49100: (0, 1), 49114: (255, 2), 49128: (0, 0), 49142: (1, 1), 49156: (0, 2), 49170: (1, 5), 49184: (1, 2), 49198: (1, 0), 49212: (0, 0), 49226: (0, 2), 49240: (0, 0), 49254: (0, 0), 49268: (1, 0), 49282: (0, 4), 49296: (0, 0), 49310: (255, 0), 49324: (0, 0), 49338: (0, 4), 49352: (0, 0), 49366: (255, 0), 49380: (255, 0), 49394: (255, 3), 49408: (255, 0), 49422: (255, 0), 49436: (255, 127), 49450: (255, 4), 49464: (254, 0), 49478: (254, 127), 49492: (255, 127), 49506: (255, 4), 49520: (255, 0), 49534: (254, 127), 49548: (254, 126), 49562: (254, 3), 49576: (255, 0), 49590: (255, 0), 49604: (255, 127), 49618: (254, 0), 49632: (254, 1), 49646: (255, 0), 49660: (255, 0), 49674: (255, 0), 49688: (255, 4), 49702: (255, 2), 49716: (254, 0), 49730: (254, 127), 49744: (255, 0), 49758: (255, 4), 49772: (255, 0), 49786: (255, 0), 49800: (255, 0), 49814: (255, 0), 49828: (255, 5), 49842: (0, 1), 49856: (1, 127), 49870: (0, 0), 49884: (0, 2), 49898: (0, 6), 49912: (0, 3), 49926: (255, 1), 49940: (255, 2), 49954: (255, 1), 49968: (255, 3), 49982: (255, 2), 49996: (0, 2), 50010: (0, 1), 50024: (255, 0), 50038: (255, 2), 50052: (0, 127), 50066: (0, 127), 50080: (0, 127), 50094: (1, 126), 50108: (2, 4), 50122: (1, 1), 50136: (255, 0), 50150: (0, 0), 50164: (0, 3), 50178: (0, 2), 50192: (0, 2), 50206: (0, 1), 50220: (255, 0), 50234: (255, 5), 50248: (0, 1), 50262: (0, 0), 50276: (0, 0), 50290: (0, 4), 50304: (1, 3), 50318: (2, 1), 50332: (0, 127), 50346: (1, 1), 50360: (1, 2), 50374: (2, 2), 50388: (0, 0), 50402: (0, 1), 50416: (0, 4), 50430: (255, 1), 50444: (0, 0), 50458: (0, 0), 50472: (255, 4), 50486: (0, 1), 50500: (1, 1), 50514: (1, 0), 50528: (255, 3), 50542: (254, 1), 50556: (0, 1), 50570: (1, 1), 50584: (0, 1), 50598: (0, 1), 50612: (0, 0), 50626: (0, 0), 50640: (0, 0), 50654: (0, 5), 50668: (0, 1), 50682: (0, 1), 50696: (255, 1), 50710: (0, 5), 50724: (0, 1), 50738: (0, 0), 50752: (0, 0), 50766: (0, 4), 50780: (0, 2), 50794: (0, 0), 50808: (0, 0), 50822: (0, 0), 50836: (0, 3), 50850: (0, 1), 50864: (0, 0), 50878: (255, 0), 50892: (255, 3), 50906: (255, 1), 50920: (0, 0), 50934: (255, 0), 50948: (255, 3), 50962: (255, 0), 50976: (0, 1), 50990: (0, 1), 51004: (0, 5), 51018: (0, 0), 51032: (0, 127), 51046: (0, 0), 51060: (0, 5), 51074: (1, 2), 51088: (1, 1), 51102: (0, 1), 51116: (0, 5), 51130: (255, 1), 51144: (254, 1), 51158: (255, 2), 51172: (0, 4), 51186: (0, 2), 51200: (0, 2), 51214: (255, 1), 51228: (255, 4), 51242: (1, 2), 51256: (0, 1), 51270: (0, 1), 51284: (0, 3), 51298: (0, 2), 51312: (0, 1), 51326: (0, 0), 51340: (0, 1), 51354: (0, 3), 51368: (0, 1), 51382: (0, 0), 51396: (255, 0), 51410: (255, 3), 51424: (0, 0), 51438: (0, 0), 51452: (0, 0), 51466: (255, 4), 51480: (255, 1), 51494: (255, 0), 51508: (255, 0), 51522: (0, 5), 51536: (0, 1), 51550: (255, 0), 51564: (255, 0), 51578: (255, 4), 51592: (0, 1), 51606: (255, 0), 51620: (255, 0), 51634: (255, 5), 51648: (0, 3), 51662: (255, 2), 51676: (255, 1), 51690: (0, 4), 51704: (1, 2), 51718: (0, 0), 51732: (255, 1), 51746: (0, 4), 51760: (1, 3), 51774: (2, 1), 51788: (2, 1), 51802: (2, 1), 51816: (1, 2), 51830: (1, 1), 51844: (2, 1), 51858: (1, 2), 51872: (0, 2), 51886: (0, 1), 51900: (0, 1), 51914: (0, 3), 51928: (0, 3), 51942: (1, 1), 51956: (1, 1), 51970: (0, 3), 51984: (0, 1), 51998: (0, 1), 52012: (0, 1), 52026: (0, 5), 52040: (1, 2), 52054: (1, 1), 52068: (255, 1), 52082: (255, 4), 52096: (1, 3), 52110: (1, 2), 52124: (1, 1), 52138: (0, 5), 52152: (1, 2), 52166: (1, 1), 52180: (2, 0), 52194: (2, 2), 52208: (2, 126), 52222: (1, 124), 52236: (1, 125), 52250: (2, 2), 52264: (1, 126), 52278: (0, 125), 52292: (1, 126), 52306: (1, 4), 52320: (0, 0), 52334: (255, 127), 52348: (0, 0), 52362: (1, 4), 52376: (0, 1), 52390: (0, 1), 52404: (0, 1), 52418: (0, 4), 52432: (0, 1), 52446: (1, 1), 52460: (1, 1), 52474: (0, 3), 52488: (255, 0), 52502: (0, 0), 52516: (0, 2), 52530: (0, 1), 52544: (255, 0), 52558: (0, 0), 52572: (0, 1), 52586: (255, 2), 52600: (0, 0), 52614: (0, 0), 52628: (255, 3), 52642: (0, 1), 52656: (1, 1), 52670: (0, 127), 52684: (0, 3), 52698: (1, 3), 52712: (2, 3), 52726: (1, 2), 52740: (0, 6), 52754: (0, 2), 52768: (0, 1), 52782: (0, 1), 52796: (0, 6), 52810: (1, 2), 52824: (0, 1), 52838: (0, 1), 52852: (0, 4), 52866: (0, 2), 52880: (0, 1), 52894: (0, 2), 52908: (0, 4), 52922: (0, 2), 52936: (255, 2), 52950: (0, 3), 52964: (1, 4), 52978: (0, 1), 52992: (0, 0), 53006: (0, 1), 53020: (0, 4), 53034: (0, 1), 53048: (0, 2), 53062: (0, 2), 53076: (0, 3), 53090: (255, 1), 53104: (0, 1), 53118: (0, 3), 53132: (0, 3), 53146: (255, 1), 53160: (0, 0), 53174: (0, 2), 53188: (0, 2), 53202: (0, 0), 53216: (0, 0), 53230: (0, 2), 53244: (255, 2), 53258: (255, 0), 53272: (0, 0), 53286: (0, 3), 53300: (0, 3), 53314: (1, 1), 53328: (1, 127), 53342: (0, 1), 53356: (1, 2), 53370: (2, 3), 53384: (2, 1), 53398: (1, 2), 53412: (0, 3), 53426: (0, 1), 53440: (0, 1), 53454: (0, 1), 53468: (0, 4), 53482: (1, 1), 53496: (0, 1), 53510: (0, 0), 53524: (0, 5), 53538: (0, 1), 53552: (255, 1), 53566: (0, 1), 53580: (1, 5), 53594: (0, 2), 53608: (255, 1), 53622: (0, 2), 53636: (1, 4), 53650: (0, 1), 53664: (0, 2), 53678: (0, 2), 53692: (0, 4), 53706: (0, 0), 53720: (1, 127), 53734: (2, 127), 53748: (1, 126), 53762: (0, 124), 53776: (1, 125), 53790: (1, 1), 53804: (0, 126), 53818: (0, 126), 53832: (0, 126), 53846: (0, 4), 53860: (0, 0), 53874: (0, 0), 53888: (0, 0), 53902: (0, 5), 53916: (0, 1), 53930: (255, 0), 53944: (0, 1), 53958: (0, 5), 53972: (0, 1), 53986: (0, 0), 54000: (0, 0), 54014: (255, 5), 54028: (255, 0), 54042: (0, 0), 54056: (1, 1), 54070: (0, 5), 54084: (0, 1), 54098: (1, 0), 54112: (0, 127), 54126: (1, 3), 54140: (1, 2), 54154: (1, 1), 54168: (0, 2), 54182: (0, 3), 54196: (0, 0), 54210: (0, 1), 54224: (0, 4), 54238: (1, 2), 54252: (1, 2), 54266: (255, 1), 54280: (255, 5), 54294: (1, 2), 54308: (1, 1), 54322: (0, 1), 54336: (255, 5), 54350: (255, 0), 54364: (255, 1), 54378: (0, 1), 54392: (0, 5), 54406: (0, 1), 54420: (0, 2), 54434: (0, 3), 54448: (1, 5), 54462: (1, 2), 54476: (0, 1), 54490: (0, 2), 54504: (0, 3), 54518: (255, 2), 54532: (255, 2), 54546: (0, 5), 54560: (0, 3), 54574: (255, 1), 54588: (255, 1), 54602: (255, 6), 54616: (255, 2), 54630: (0, 2), 54644: (0, 2), 54658: (0, 6), 54672: (255, 2), 54686: (255, 1), 54700: (0, 2), 54714: (1, 4), 54728: (0, 1), 54742: (255, 1), 54756: (255, 3), 54770: (255, 2), 54784: (0, 1), 54798: (0, 1), 54812: (0, 5), 54826: (255, 1), 54840: (0, 2), 54854: (0, 1), 54868: (1, 7), 54882: (1, 2), 54896: (0, 1), 54910: (0, 1), 54924: (1, 7), 54938: (0, 1), 54952: (1, 0), 54966: (2, 1), 54980: (2, 5), 54994: (1, 2), 55008: (0, 1), 55022: (0, 4), 55036: (0, 4), 55050: (1, 2), 55064: (0, 2), 55078: (255, 5), 55092: (255, 3), 55106: (0, 2), 55120: (0, 1), 55134: (0, 6), 55148: (0, 1), 55162: (0, 1), 55176: (255, 1), 55190: (255, 5), 55204: (255, 1), 55218: (255, 0), 55232: (0, 1), 55246: (0, 4), 55260: (255, 1), 55274: (255, 1), 55288: (255, 3), 55302: (0, 2), 55316: (0, 1), 55330: (255, 0), 55344: (255, 4), 55358: (255, 1), 55372: (255, 1), 55386: (255, 0), 55400: (255, 5), 55414: (0, 1), 55428: (255, 0), 55442: (255, 0), 55456: (255, 5), 55470: (255, 1), 55484: (255, 1), 55498: (0, 1), 55512: (255, 4), 55526: (254, 1), 55540: (255, 1), 55554: (0, 0), 55568: (1, 0), 55582: (1, 6), 55596: (0, 2), 55610: (0, 1), 55624: (0, 1), 55638: (1, 3), 55652: (1, 3), 55666: (0, 1), 55680: (0, 2), 55694: (255, 1), 55708: (255, 5), 55722: (0, 2), 55736: (0, 1), 55750: (0, 2), 55764: (0, 6), 55778: (0, 2), 55792: (255, 1), 55806: (255, 1), 55820: (0, 4), 55834: (1, 1), 55848: (0, 1), 55862: (255, 1), 55876: (255, 4), 55890: (0, 3), 55904: (0, 1), 55918: (0, 0), 55932: (255, 3), 55946: (255, 1), 55960: (254, 0), 55974: (0, 2), 55988: (0, 6), 56002: (255, 2), 56016: (255, 1), 56030: (255, 1), 56044: (0, 5), 56058: (0, 1), 56072: (0, 0), 56086: (0, 127), 56100: (1, 4), 56114: (1, 127), 56128: (1, 126), 56142: (1, 126), 56156: (2, 1), 56170: (2, 126), 56184: (1, 125), 56198: (0, 125), 56212: (0, 2), 56226: (0, 127), 56240: (0, 0), 56254: (1, 0), 56268: (0, 4), 56282: (0, 0), 56296: (0, 0), 56310: (1, 0), 56324: (0, 3), 56338: (0, 1), 56352: (0, 1), 56366: (0, 0), 56380: (0, 5), 56394: (0, 1), 56408: (0, 1), 56422: (0, 1), 56436: (1, 4), 56450: (0, 1), 56464: (255, 0), 56478: (255, 0), 56492: (0, 4), 56506: (0, 1), 56520: (0, 0), 56534: (255, 0), 56548: (0, 4), 56562: (0, 2), 56576: (0, 1), 56590: (0, 1), 56604: (0, 5), 56618: (255, 1), 56632: (255, 0), 56646: (0, 0), 56660: (0, 5), 56674: (0, 1), 56688: (255, 1), 56702: (0, 0), 56716: (0, 4), 56730: (0, 127), 56744: (255, 127), 56758: (255, 127), 56772: (0, 5), 56786: (0, 0), 56800: (0, 0), 56814: (1, 0), 56828: (2, 5), 56842: (2, 0), 56856: (1, 127), 56870: (1, 0), 56884: (1, 5), 56898: (1, 1), 56912: (1, 1), 56926: (0, 1), 56940: (255, 4), 56954: (0, 1), 56968: (255, 0), 56982: (0, 1), 56996: (0, 5), 57010: (255, 1), 57024: (255, 0), 57038: (255, 1), 57052: (0, 3), 57066: (255, 0), 57080: (255, 0), 57094: (255, 1), 57108: (255, 4), 57122: (255, 1), 57136: (255, 0), 57150: (0, 1), 57164: (1, 4), 57178: (1, 0), 57192: (0, 0), 57206: (0, 1), 57220: (0, 3), 57234: (255, 1), 57248: (255, 1), 57262: (0, 1), 57276: (0, 4), 57290: (0, 2), 57304: (255, 1), 57318: (255, 2), 57332: (0, 4), 57346: (0, 1), 57360: (255, 1), 57374: (0, 3), 57388: (0, 4), 57402: (255, 2), 57416: (255, 1), 57430: (0, 2), 57444: (0, 5), 57458: (0, 1), 57472: (0, 0), 57486: (0, 1), 57500: (0, 4), 57514: (1, 1), 57528: (0, 0), 57542: (0, 1), 57556: (0, 2), 57570: (1, 1), 57584: (0, 0), 57598: (0, 0), 57612: (0, 3), 57626: (0, 0), 57640: (255, 0), 57654: (255, 1), 57668: (255, 3), 57682: (255, 1), 57696: (255, 1), 57710: (255, 0), 57724: (254, 4), 57738: (255, 1), 57752: (255, 0), 57766: (0, 1), 57780: (0, 5), 57794: (255, 1), 57808: (255, 0), 57822: (0, 2), 57836: (0, 5), 57850: (0, 1), 57864: (255, 0), 57878: (255, 0), 57892: (0, 5), 57906: (0, 2), 57920: (0, 1), 57934: (0, 1), 57948: (0, 4), 57962: (0, 2), 57976: (0, 1), 57990: (0, 0), 58004: (1, 4), 58018: (1, 2), 58032: (0, 0), 58046: (0, 0), 58060: (0, 3), 58074: (0, 2), 58088: (0, 1), 58102: (1, 127), 58116: (0, 1), 58130: (0, 0), 58144: (0, 127), 58158: (0, 0), 58172: (1, 127), 58186: (0, 3), 58200: (255, 127), 58214: (255, 0), 58228: (255, 0), 58242: (0, 5), 58256: (255, 0), 58270: (255, 0), 58284: (255, 1), 58298: (255, 4), 58312: (0, 1), 58326: (1, 0), 58340: (1, 0), 58354: (1, 3), 58368: (1, 2), 58382: (0, 1), 58396: (255, 0), 58410: (255, 4), 58424: (0, 2), 58438: (0, 2), 58452: (0, 1), 58466: (255, 3), 58480: (255, 2), 58494: (0, 2), 58508: (0, 1), 58522: (0, 3), 58536: (0, 3), 58550: (255, 1), 58564: (255, 1), 58578: (255, 3), 58592: (0, 3), 58606: (0, 1), 58620: (255, 0), 58634: (255, 3), 58648: (255, 3), 58662: (255, 1), 58676: (255, 0), 58690: (255, 2), 58704: (0, 3), 58718: (255, 1), 58732: (254, 127), 58746: (255, 0), 58760: (0, 3), 58774: (1, 0), 58788: (1, 0), 58802: (1, 127), 58816: (0, 3), 58830: (2, 2), 58844: (2, 1), 58858: (2, 1), 58872: (1, 4), 58886: (1, 1), 58900: (0, 1), 58914: (0, 0), 58928: (0, 5), 58942: (0, 2), 58956: (1, 1), 58970: (0, 1), 58984: (0, 5), 58998: (0, 2), 59012: (0, 1), 59026: (1, 2), 59040: (1, 4), 59054: (1, 2), 59068: (0, 1), 59082: (255, 0), 59096: (0, 2), 59110: (1, 1), 59124: (1, 1), 59138: (0, 0), 59152: (255, 2), 59166: (255, 3), 59180: (0, 1), 59194: (0, 1), 59208: (1, 1), 59222: (1, 4), 59236: (0, 2), 59250: (0, 1), 59264: (255, 0), 59278: (0, 4), 59292: (1, 1), 59306: (1, 1), 59320: (0, 1), 59334: (255, 4), 59348: (255, 1), 59362: (0, 1), 59376: (0, 1), 59390: (0, 6), 59404: (0, 3), 59418: (0, 2), 59432: (1, 2), 59446: (1, 6), 59460: (1, 1), 59474: (1, 1), 59488: (1, 0), 59502: (0, 6), 59516: (0, 1), 59530: (0, 1), 59544: (0, 1), 59558: (0, 6), 59572: (0, 2), 59586: (0, 1), 59600: (255, 0), 59614: (255, 5), 59628: (0, 1), 59642: (0, 0), 59656: (255, 0), 59670: (255, 4), 59684: (0, 1), 59698: (0, 0), 59712: (0, 0), 59726: (0, 3), 59740: (255, 0), 59754: (255, 0), 59768: (0, 1), 59782: (0, 3), 59796: (0, 1), 59810: (0, 1), 59824: (255, 3), 59838: (255, 3), 59852: (0, 1), 59866: (255, 0), 59880: (255, 1), 59894: (255, 3), 59908: (255, 0), 59922: (0, 0), 59936: (255, 127), 59950: (0, 4), 59964: (0, 2), 59978: (0, 1), 59992: (0, 0), 60006: (255, 5), 60020: (0, 2), 60034: (0, 2), 60048: (0, 1), 60062: (0, 5), 60076: (255, 1), 60090: (255, 0), 60104: (0, 1), 60118: (0, 4), 60132: (0, 1), 60146: (0, 127), 60160: (0, 127), 60174: (0, 1), 60188: (1, 1), 60202: (1, 127), 60216: (1, 126), 60230: (1, 125), 60244: (2, 0), 60258: (1, 125), 60272: (0, 126), 60286: (1, 127), 60300: (1, 4), 60314: (0, 0), 60328: (0, 0), 60342: (0, 0), 60356: (0, 4), 60370: (2, 1), 60384: (1, 0), 60398: (0, 0), 60412: (0, 1), 60426: (1, 2), 60440: (1, 1), 60454: (1, 0), 60468: (0, 127), 60482: (0, 4), 60496: (0, 0), 60510: (1, 0), 60524: (1, 126), 60538: (0, 3), 60552: (1, 0), 60566: (2, 2), 60580: (2, 0), 60594: (0, 3), 60608: (0, 0), 60622: (1, 0), 60636: (1, 0), 60650: (0, 4), 60664: (255, 1), 60678: (0, 1), 60692: (1, 1), 60706: (0, 5), 60720: (0, 1), 60734: (0, 1), 60748: (0, 1), 60762: (0, 5), 60776: (0, 2), 60790: (0, 1), 60804: (0, 1), 60818: (0, 6), 60832: (0, 1), 60846: (0, 1), 60860: (0, 1), 60874: (0, 6), 60888: (0, 1), 60902: (0, 1), 60916: (0, 0), 60930: (255, 4), 60944: (255, 0), 60958: (0, 1), 60972: (1, 1), 60986: (0, 5), 61000: (255, 0), 61014: (255, 0), 61028: (0, 0), 61042: (0, 3), 61056: (255, 0), 61070: (255, 0), 61084: (0, 1), 61098: (0, 1), 61112: (255, 0), 61126: (255, 0), 61140: (0, 3), 61154: (0, 3), 61168: (0, 1), 61182: (0, 1), 61196: (0, 5), 61210: (0, 2), 61224: (2, 1), 61238: (2, 0), 61252: (1, 6), 61266: (1, 2), 61280: (1, 2), 61294: (1, 1), 61308: (0, 4), 61322: (0, 2), 61336: (0, 1), 61350: (0, 1), 61364: (0, 4), 61378: (1, 2), 61392: (0, 2), 61406: (0, 1), 61420: (0, 5), 61434: (1, 3), 61448: (0, 2), 61462: (0, 1), 61476: (0, 5), 61490: (1, 3), 61504: (1, 2), 61518: (1, 1), 61532: (0, 4), 61546: (1, 3), 61560: (1, 2), 61574: (1, 2), 61588: (0, 4), 61602: (0, 2), 61616: (0, 1), 61630: (1, 2), 61644: (0, 4), 61658: (0, 2), 61672: (0, 1), 61686: (0, 1), 61700: (0, 4), 61714: (0, 2), 61728: (0, 1), 61742: (255, 1), 61756: (0, 4), 61770: (0, 1), 61784: (0, 1), 61798: (0, 0), 61812: (0, 2), 61826: (1, 2), 61840: (1, 2), 61854: (0, 1), 61868: (1, 4), 61882: (1, 2), 61896: (1, 1), 61910: (0, 0), 61924: (255, 4), 61938: (0, 2), 61952: (0, 1), 61966: (0, 1), 61980: (1, 4), 61994: (0, 2), 62008: (0, 1), 62022: (0, 0), 62036: (0, 5), 62050: (0, 2), 62064: (0, 2), 62078: (0, 1), 62092: (0, 5), 62106: (0, 2), 62120: (0, 1), 62134: (1, 2), 62148: (0, 5), 62162: (1, 2), 62176: (0, 1), 62190: (255, 1), 62204: (255, 4), 62218: (1, 2), 62232: (2, 0), 62246: (1, 127), 62260: (0, 4), 62274: (1, 3), 62288: (0, 1), 62302: (1, 1), 62316: (1, 4), 62330: (1, 2), 62344: (2, 127), 62358: (1, 0), 62372: (1, 3), 62386: (1, 1), 62400: (1, 0), 62414: (1, 0), 62428: (1, 4), 62442: (0, 1), 62456: (255, 0), 62470: (255, 0), 62484: (0, 4), 62498: (1, 1), 62512: (0, 0), 62526: (255, 127), 62540: (254, 3), 62554: (255, 1), 62568: (0, 0), 62582: (0, 0), 62596: (255, 4), 62610: (255, 0), 62624: (255, 0), 62638: (255, 127), 62652: (255, 4), 62666: (0, 0), 62680: (255, 127), 62694: (255, 127), 62708: (255, 4), 62722: (255, 0), 62736: (0, 0), 62750: (1, 0), 62764: (1, 0), 62778: (1, 2), 62792: (0, 0), 62806: (0, 0), 62820: (1, 3), 62834: (0, 6), 62848: (2, 2), 62862: (0, 1), 62876: (255, 127), 62890: (0, 4), 62904: (1, 2), 62918: (0, 0), 62932: (0, 0), 62946: (0, 0), 62960: (0, 4), 62974: (0, 1), 62988: (0, 1), 63002: (0, 1), 63016: (0, 5), 63030: (0, 1), 63044: (0, 1), 63058: (255, 0), 63072: (0, 2), 63086: (0, 1), 63100: (0, 1), 63114: (0, 2), 63128: (0, 1), 63142: (0, 4), 63156: (1, 1), 63170: (1, 0), 63184: (1, 127), 63198: (0, 2), 63212: (1, 126), 63226: (1, 126), 63240: (0, 127), 63254: (0, 3), 63268: (1, 127), 63282: (1, 126), 63296: (0, 125), 63310: (0, 3), 63324: (0, 0), 63338: (0, 0), 63352: (1, 0), 63366: (1, 3), 63380: (1, 126), 63394: (1, 124), 63408: (1, 124), 63422: (1, 127), 63436: (1, 125), 63450: (1, 126), 63464: (0, 126), 63478: (0, 1), 63492: (1, 0), 63506: (0, 127), 63520: (0, 127), 63534: (0, 1), 63548: (0, 2), 63562: (0, 1), 63576: (1, 0), 63590: (0, 1), 63604: (255, 4), 63618: (0, 1), 63632: (0, 1), 63646: (1, 1), 63660: (0, 5), 63674: (0, 2), 63688: (0, 1), 63702: (1, 1), 63716: (0, 4), 63730: (1, 0), 63744: (1, 127), 63758: (1, 126), 63772: (2, 2), 63786: (1, 125), 63800: (1, 124), 63814: (1, 124), 63828: (1, 4), 63842: (1, 0), 63856: (0, 127), 63870: (255, 127), 63884: (255, 5), 63898: (0, 0), 63912: (0, 1), 63926: (0, 0), 63940: (255, 5), 63954: (255, 1), 63968: (0, 1), 63982: (255, 0), 63996: (255, 5), 64010: (255, 1), 64024: (0, 0), 64038: (255, 0), 64052: (255, 4), 64066: (255, 1), 64080: (0, 0), 64094: (0, 0), 64108: (0, 5), 64122: (255, 0), 64136: (255, 1), 64150: (255, 0), 64164: (0, 5), 64178: (0, 1), 64192: (255, 0), 64206: (255, 0), 64220: (255, 3), 64234: (0, 2), 64248: (0, 127), 64262: (0, 127), 64276: (1, 127), 64290: (0, 5), 64304: (0, 0), 64318: (255, 0), 64332: (0, 0), 64346: (1, 4), 64360: (0, 2), 64374: (0, 1), 64388: (255, 0), 64402: (255, 0), 64416: (255, 3), 64430: (0, 1), 64444: (0, 1), 64458: (255, 0), 64472: (255, 5), 64486: (0, 2), 64500: (0, 1), 64514: (0, 1), 64528: (0, 3), 64542: (0, 2), 64556: (255, 0), 64570: (255, 1), 64584: (0, 2), 64598: (0, 3), 64612: (0, 1), 64626: (0, 1), 64640: (255, 1), 64654: (0, 5), 64668: (0, 2), 64682: (255, 0), 64696: (1, 1), 64710: (1, 3), 64724: (1, 2), 64738: (1, 2), 64752: (0, 1), 64766: (0, 2), 64780: (0, 5), 64794: (255, 1), 64808: (255, 1), 64822: (255, 1), 64836: (0, 5), 64850: (0, 1), 64864: (0, 1), 64878: (255, 0), 64892: (0, 5), 64906: (0, 1), 64920: (255, 0), 64934: (254, 0), 64948: (255, 4), 64962: (254, 0), 64976: (254, 0), 64990: (255, 0), 65004: (255, 4), 65018: (255, 1), 65032: (255, 1), 65046: (254, 0), 65060: (255, 5), 65074: (255, 1), 65088: (0, 1), 65102: (255, 0), 65116: (255, 4), 65130: (254, 0), 65144: (254, 0), 65158: (255, 0), 65172: (255, 4), 65186: (255, 1), 65200: (255, 1), 65214: (254, 2), 65228: (255, 2), 65242: (255, 3), 65256: (255, 1), 65270: (255, 1), 65284: (255, 1), 65298: (255, 5), 65312: (255, 1), 65326: (255, 1), 65340: (255, 2), 65354: (255, 6), 65368: (255, 2), 65382: (255, 1), 65396: (254, 1), 65410: (255, 6), 65424: (255, 2), 65438: (255, 1), 65452: (255, 1), 65466: (255, 4), 65480: (255, 1), 65494: (0, 1), 65508: (0, 2), 65522: (0, 4), 65536: (1, 3), 65550: (0, 1), 65564: (0, 1), 65578: (255, 4), 65592: (0, 2), 65606: (0, 1), 65620: (0, 1), 65634: (0, 4), 65648: (255, 1), 65662: (254, 0), 65676: (255, 0), 65690: (0, 5), 65704: (1, 1), 65718: (255, 1), 65732: (255, 0), 65746: (0, 5), 65760: (1, 0), 65774: (1, 127), 65788: (1, 127), 65802: (0, 4), 65816: (0, 0), 65830: (0, 1), 65844: (0, 1), 65858: (0, 5), 65872: (0, 1), 65886: (0, 2), 65900: (0, 1), 65914: (255, 5), 65928: (255, 2), 65942: (0, 1), 65956: (1, 1), 65970: (0, 5), 65984: (0, 0), 65998: (255, 127), 66012: (0, 127), 66026: (1, 2), 66040: (1, 0), 66054: (0, 127), 66068: (255, 126), 66082: (255, 4), 66096: (0, 1), 66110: (0, 0), 66124: (0, 0), 66138: (0, 5), 66152: (0, 1), 66166: (255, 0), 66180: (255, 0), 66194: (0, 4), 66208: (255, 0), 66222: (0, 0), 66236: (255, 127), 66250: (255, 4), 66264: (255, 0), 66278: (255, 0), 66292: (0, 1), 66306: (255, 4), 66320: (255, 1), 66334: (255, 0), 66348: (255, 0), 66362: (255, 0), 66376: (0, 3), 66390: (255, 0), 66404: (255, 0), 66418: (255, 0), 66432: (0, 3), 66446: (0, 1), 66460: (0, 1), 66474: (0, 0), 66488: (1, 0), 66502: (1, 5), 66516: (1, 1), 66530: (1, 1), 66544: (1, 0), 66558: (1, 3), 66572: (0, 3), 66586: (0, 1), 66600: (0, 1), 66614: (0, 1), 66628: (0, 5), 66642: (0, 2), 66656: (0, 1), 66670: (0, 0), 66684: (1, 5), 66698: (1, 2), 66712: (2, 0), 66726: (1, 0), 66740: (0, 3), 66754: (0, 2), 66768: (1, 1), 66782: (0, 0), 66796: (0, 0), 66810: (0, 3), 66824: (2, 1), 66838: (1, 0), 66852: (1, 0), 66866: (1, 3), 66880: (1, 0), 66894: (0, 0), 66908: (0, 127), 66922: (0, 4), 66936: (0, 0), 66950: (0, 0), 66964: (0, 127), 66978: (0, 4), 66992: (0, 1), 67006: (0, 1), 67020: (0, 0), 67034: (1, 3), 67048: (1, 0), 67062: (0, 127), 67076: (0, 126), 67090: (0, 127), 67104: (0, 4), 67118: (0, 0), 67132: (255, 127), 67146: (255, 127), 67160: (255, 3), 67174: (0, 0), 67188: (0, 127), 67202: (0, 127), 67216: (0, 4), 67230: (0, 0), 67244: (0, 0), 67258: (0, 127), 67272: (255, 3), 67286: (0, 0), 67300: (0, 127), 67314: (255, 127), 67328: (255, 3), 67342: (255, 127), 67356: (255, 127), 67370: (0, 0), 67384: (0, 5), 67398: (255, 0), 67412: (255, 0), 67426: (0, 0), 67440: (0, 3), 67454: (0, 3), 67468: (255, 1), 67482: (255, 0), 67496: (0, 0), 67510: (0, 5), 67524: (255, 0), 67538: (255, 0), 67552: (0, 127), 67566: (0, 3), 67580: (0, 1), 67594: (255, 127), 67608: (0, 126), 67622: (0, 126), 67636: (1, 1), 67650: (1, 127), 67664: (0, 127), 67678: (0, 127), 67692: (0, 3), 67706: (0, 0), 67720: (0, 127), 67734: (0, 0), 67748: (0, 0), 67762: (0, 3), 67776: (0, 0), 67790: (0, 127), 67804: (0, 127), 67818: (0, 3), 67832: (0, 0), 67846: (255, 127), 67860: (0, 127), 67874: (255, 0), 67888: (1, 1), 67902: (1, 127), 67916: (0, 126), 67930: (0, 126), 67944: (0, 3), 67958: (0, 0), 67972: (0, 127), 67986: (0, 0), 68000: (0, 1), 68014: (1, 2), 68028: (1, 0), 68042: (1, 0), 68056: (1, 127), 68070: (1, 2), 68084: (0, 0), 68098: (255, 0), 68112: (0, 1), 68126: (0, 5), 68140: (0, 1), 68154: (0, 0), 68168: (1, 1), 68182: (0, 4), 68196: (0, 1), 68210: (0, 1), 68224: (1, 0), 68238: (1, 2), 68252: (0, 3), 68266: (0, 0), 68280: (0, 0), 68294: (0, 0), 68308: (0, 4), 68322: (0, 1), 68336: (0, 0), 68350: (0, 0), 68364: (0, 5), 68378: (1, 1), 68392: (0, 127), 68406: (0, 127), 68420: (0, 3), 68434: (0, 1), 68448: (0, 0), 68462: (0, 0), 68476: (0, 2), 68490: (0, 3), 68504: (0, 1), 68518: (255, 1), 68532: (255, 1), 68546: (0, 4), 68560: (0, 1), 68574: (0, 1), 68588: (255, 0), 68602: (255, 5), 68616: (255, 1), 68630: (0, 1), 68644: (0, 1), 68658: (0, 4), 68672: (255, 2), 68686: (0, 1), 68700: (0, 1), 68714: (0, 2), 68728: (0, 2), 68742: (0, 1), 68756: (255, 0), 68770: (0, 1), 68784: (0, 3), 68798: (0, 0), 68812: (0, 1), 68826: (1, 1), 68840: (1, 5), 68854: (1, 2), 68868: (1, 2), 68882: (1, 2), 68896: (2, 6), 68910: (2, 2), 68924: (1, 1), 68938: (1, 1), 68952: (1, 6), 68966: (2, 2), 68980: (2, 2), 68994: (2, 1), 69008: (1, 5), 69022: (1, 2), 69036: (1, 1), 69050: (1, 1), 69064: (1, 5), 69078: (2, 2), 69092: (1, 1), 69106: (0, 1), 69120: (0, 3), 69134: (1, 3), 69148: (2, 1), 69162: (2, 1), 69176: (2, 1), 69190: (1, 5), 69204: (1, 1), 69218: (1, 0), 69232: (2, 0), 69246: (1, 5), 69260: (0, 1), 69274: (0, 0), 69288: (255, 1), 69302: (255, 0), 69316: (0, 4), 69330: (0, 1), 69344: (0, 0), 69358: (0, 0), 69372: (255, 4), 69386: (255, 0), 69400: (0, 0), 69414: (1, 0), 69428: (0, 4), 69442: (255, 1), 69456: (255, 0), 69470: (255, 0), 69484: (0, 2), 69498: (0, 2), 69512: (255, 0), 69526: (254, 127), 69540: (254, 2), 69554: (255, 1), 69568: (255, 0), 69582: (255, 0), 69596: (255, 1), 69610: (255, 2), 69624: (255, 0), 69638: (254, 0), 69652: (254, 0), 69666: (255, 4), 69680: (255, 0), 69694: (255, 0), 69708: (254, 0), 69722: (254, 0), 69736: (255, 3), 69750: (0, 1), 69764: (255, 0), 69778: (254, 0), 69792: (254, 0), 69806: (255, 3), 69820: (0, 1), 69834: (0, 1), 69848: (255, 0), 69862: (255, 0), 69876: (255, 4), 69890: (0, 1), 69904: (0, 1), 69918: (0, 1), 69932: (255, 1), 69946: (255, 3), 69960: (255, 1), 69974: (255, 1), 69988: (255, 0), 70002: (255, 3), 70016: (255, 2), 70030: (255, 1), 70044: (255, 0), 70058: (255, 1), 70072: (0, 5), 70086: (0, 1), 70100: (0, 0), 70114: (255, 0), 70128: (255, 0), 70142: (255, 4), 70156: (0, 3), 70170: (0, 2), 70184: (255, 1), 70198: (255, 1), 70212: (255, 3), 70226: (0, 1), 70240: (0, 2), 70254: (255, 1), 70268: (255, 5), 70282: (255, 2), 70296: (255, 1), 70310: (0, 1), 70324: (0, 5), 70338: (0, 2), 70352: (0, 1), 70366: (255, 1), 70380: (255, 5), 70394: (0, 2), 70408: (0, 1), 70422: (0, 2), 70436: (0, 5), 70450: (255, 2), 70464: (255, 1), 70478: (0, 3), 70492: (0, 3), 70506: (255, 1), 70520: (255, 0), 70534: (255, 3), 70548: (255, 2), 70562: (255, 0), 70576: (255, 0), 70590: (255, 4), 70604: (255, 1), 70618: (255, 0), 70632: (255, 0), 70646: (255, 4), 70660: (255, 0), 70674: (255, 0), 70688: (255, 2), 70702: (255, 2), 70716: (255, 1), 70730: (255, 1), 70744: (0, 3), 70758: (0, 2), 70772: (0, 127), 70786: (0, 0), 70800: (0, 3), 70814: (2, 3), 70828: (1, 2), 70842: (1, 2), 70856: (0, 1), 70870: (0, 3), 70884: (0, 1), 70898: (0, 0), 70912: (0, 1), 70926: (255, 3), 70940: (255, 1), 70954: (255, 1), 70968: (255, 1), 70982: (255, 4), 70996: (255, 2), 71010: (255, 1), 71024: (255, 2), 71038: (255, 4), 71052: (255, 2), 71066: (255, 1), 71080: (0, 1), 71094: (0, 4), 71108: (0, 2), 71122: (255, 1), 71136: (255, 0), 71150: (255, 5), 71164: (0, 1), 71178: (0, 0), 71192: (255, 0), 71206: (255, 5), 71220: (0, 0), 71234: (255, 127), 71248: (0, 125), 71262: (0, 1), 71276: (0, 126), 71290: (0, 126), 71304: (255, 127), 71318: (255, 3), 71332: (0, 1), 71346: (1, 0), 71360: (0, 127), 71374: (0, 2), 71388: (0, 0), 71402: (0, 0), 71416: (0, 0), 71430: (0, 1), 71444: (0, 1), 71458: (0, 0), 71472: (0, 127), 71486: (0, 0), 71500: (1, 3), 71514: (0, 0), 71528: (0, 0), 71542: (0, 0), 71556: (0, 5), 71570: (0, 0), 71584: (0, 0), 71598: (0, 0), 71612: (0, 5), 71626: (0, 0), 71640: (0, 0), 71654: (0, 127), 71668: (0, 5), 71682: (0, 1), 71696: (0, 1), 71710: (255, 0), 71724: (255, 5), 71738: (0, 1), 71752: (0, 1), 71766: (1, 0), 71780: (0, 4), 71794: (0, 0), 71808: (0, 0), 71822: (1, 0), 71836: (0, 3), 71850: (0, 1), 71864: (1, 0), 71878: (1, 127), 71892: (0, 2), 71906: (255, 1), 71920: (0, 0), 71934: (0, 0), 71948: (0, 1), 71962: (255, 2), 71976: (255, 0), 71990: (0, 0), 72004: (255, 0), 72018: (255, 3), 72032: (0, 0), 72046: (0, 1), 72060: (255, 0), 72074: (255, 5), 72088: (0, 2), 72102: (0, 1), 72116: (255, 0), 72130: (254, 5), 72144: (255, 1), 72158: (0, 1), 72172: (255, 0), 72186: (255, 3), 72200: (255, 2), 72214: (255, 1), 72228: (255, 1), 72242: (0, 1), 72256: (255, 5), 72270: (0, 1), 72284: (0, 0), 72298: (0, 127), 72312: (0, 2), 72326: (0, 0), 72340: (255, 0), 72354: (0, 0), 72368: (0, 2), 72382: (255, 4), 72396: (255, 1), 72410: (255, 1), 72424: (0, 1), 72438: (0, 6), 72452: (255, 2), 72466: (255, 1), 72480: (255, 1), 72494: (255, 5), 72508: (255, 2), 72522: (255, 1), 72536: (0, 0), 72550: (255, 2), 72564: (255, 3), 72578: (255, 1), 72592: (0, 1), 72606: (0, 1), 72620: (0, 6), 72634: (255, 1), 72648: (254, 1), 72662: (254, 0), 72676: (255, 5), 72690: (0, 1), 72704: (255, 0), 72718: (254, 127), 72732: (254, 4), 72746: (255, 1), 72760: (255, 0), 72774: (255, 0), 72788: (255, 3), 72802: (255, 1), 72816: (254, 0), 72830: (254, 0), 72844: (254, 2), 72858: (255, 2), 72872: (254, 0), 72886: (255, 0), 72900: (254, 0), 72914: (254, 4), 72928: (255, 0), 72942: (255, 0), 72956: (255, 0), 72970: (255, 1), 72984: (254, 2), 72998: (254, 1), 73012: (255, 0), 73026: (255, 0), 73040: (255, 4), 73054: (255, 2), 73068: (255, 0), 73082: (254, 0), 73096: (255, 1), 73110: (255, 5), 73124: (255, 2), 73138: (255, 1), 73152: (255, 1), 73166: (255, 1), 73180: (255, 5), 73194: (0, 2), 73208: (0, 2), 73222: (0, 2), 73236: (255, 3), 73250: (254, 3), 73264: (255, 2), 73278: (255, 1), 73292: (0, 2), 73306: (255, 6), 73320: (255, 2), 73334: (254, 1), 73348: (255, 1), 73362: (255, 1), 73376: (0, 5), 73390: (255, 1), 73404: (255, 0), 73418: (255, 1), 73432: (255, 2), 73446: (255, 2), 73460: (255, 1), 73474: (0, 1), 73488: (255, 2), 73502: (255, 4), 73516: (255, 1), 73530: (255, 1), 73544: (0, 1), 73558: (0, 5), 73572: (255, 2), 73586: (254, 1), 73600: (255, 2), 73614: (0, 6), 73628: (0, 2), 73642: (255, 1), 73656: (255, 1), 73670: (254, 6), 73684: (255, 2), 73698: (255, 1), 73712: (255, 0), 73726: (255, 5), 73740: (254, 1), 73754: (254, 0), 73768: (255, 0), 73782: (255, 4), 73796: (255, 1), 73810: (255, 0), 73824: (255, 0), 73838: (254, 4), 73852: (254, 0), 73866: (255, 0), 73880: (255, 0), 73894: (254, 4), 73908: (254, 0), 73922: (254, 0), 73936: (255, 0), 73950: (255, 5), 73964: (255, 1), 73978: (254, 0), 73992: (254, 0), 74006: (255, 5), 74020: (255, 1), 74034: (255, 0), 74048: (254, 0), 74062: (254, 4), 74076: (255, 3), 74090: (255, 1), 74104: (254, 0), 74118: (255, 2), 74132: (255, 2), 74146: (255, 2), 74160: (255, 1), 74174: (255, 0), 74188: (255, 6), 74202: (0, 2), 74216: (255, 1), 74230: (255, 1), 74244: (255, 4), 74258: (0, 3), 74272: (255, 2), 74286: (255, 2), 74300: (0, 2), 74314: (255, 6), 74328: (255, 2), 74342: (255, 2), 74356: (255, 1), 74370: (255, 5), 74384: (255, 2), 74398: (255, 2), 74412: (0, 1), 74426: (0, 3), 74440: (255, 3), 74454: (255, 2), 74468: (0, 1), 74482: (0, 1), 74496: (0, 6), 74510: (0, 2), 74524: (0, 1), 74538: (1, 1), 74552: (1, 6), 74566: (2, 3), 74580: (0, 1), 74594: (0, 1), 74608: (0, 5), 74622: (0, 2), 74636: (1, 2), 74650: (1, 1), 74664: (0, 6), 74678: (0, 1), 74692: (0, 0), 74706: (1, 1), 74720: (0, 5), 74734: (0, 1), 74748: (1, 2), 74762: (1, 0), 74776: (0, 4), 74790: (1, 127), 74804: (0, 1), 74818: (0, 0), 74832: (1, 4), 74846: (0, 0), 74860: (0, 0), 74874: (0, 127), 74888: (0, 4), 74902: (0, 0), 74916: (255, 127), 74930: (255, 127), 74944: (0, 5), 74958: (0, 0), 74972: (0, 0), 74986: (255, 0), 75000: (0, 5), 75014: (0, 0), 75028: (255, 1), 75042: (255, 1), 75056: (255, 4), 75070: (255, 1), 75084: (255, 1), 75098: (255, 0), 75112: (255, 5), 75126: (0, 0), 75140: (255, 1), 75154: (0, 1), 75168: (255, 6), 75182: (255, 1), 75196: (255, 1), 75210: (0, 0), 75224: (0, 7), 75238: (0, 2), 75252: (255, 1), 75266: (255, 1), 75280: (255, 6), 75294: (255, 2), 75308: (255, 1), 75322: (255, 0), 75336: (255, 5), 75350: (255, 1), 75364: (255, 0), 75378: (255, 0), 75392: (255, 5), 75406: (255, 1), 75420: (255, 0), 75434: (255, 0), 75448: (255, 4), 75462: (255, 1), 75476: (255, 0), 75490: (255, 0), 75504: (255, 5), 75518: (255, 2), 75532: (0, 1), 75546: (1, 1), 75560: (0, 5), 75574: (1, 3), 75588: (1, 2), 75602: (1, 1), 75616: (0, 3), 75630: (1, 2), 75644: (1, 127), 75658: (0, 0), 75672: (255, 0), 75686: (0, 4), 75700: (0, 2), 75714: (0, 0), 75728: (0, 1), 75742: (0, 6), 75756: (0, 1), 75770: (0, 0), 75784: (0, 0), 75798: (0, 1), 75812: (0, 3), 75826: (255, 1), 75840: (255, 1), 75854: (255, 0), 75868: (255, 5), 75882: (255, 1), 75896: (255, 1), 75910: (255, 1), 75924: (255, 5), 75938: (255, 1), 75952: (255, 1), 75966: (0, 1), 75980: (255, 5), 75994: (0, 1), 76008: (0, 0), 76022: (255, 127), 76036: (255, 3), 76050: (0, 127), 76064: (0, 127), 76078: (0, 127), 76092: (0, 4), 76106: (0, 0), 76120: (255, 0), 76134: (0, 0), 76148: (0, 3), 76162: (0, 1), 76176: (255, 0), 76190: (255, 0), 76204: (255, 4), 76218: (0, 1), 76232: (0, 0), 76246: (0, 0), 76260: (0, 4), 76274: (0, 1), 76288: (0, 1), 76302: (1, 1), 76316: (1, 4), 76330: (2, 1), 76344: (2, 1), 76358: (1, 1), 76372: (0, 5), 76386: (1, 2), 76400: (1, 1), 76414: (1, 1), 76428: (0, 5), 76442: (0, 2), 76456: (255, 0), 76470: (0, 127), 76484: (0, 5), 76498: (0, 0), 76512: (255, 0), 76526: (255, 0), 76540: (255, 2), 76554: (255, 0), 76568: (255, 0), 76582: (0, 3), 76596: (0, 1), 76610: (255, 0), 76624: (255, 0), 76638: (255, 5), 76652: (255, 0), 76666: (0, 0), 76680: (0, 0), 76694: (255, 4), 76708: (254, 0), 76722: (255, 127), 76736: (255, 127), 76750: (0, 4), 76764: (255, 0), 76778: (255, 2), 76792: (255, 1), 76806: (255, 5), 76820: (0, 1), 76834: (0, 1), 76848: (0, 1), 76862: (255, 5), 76876: (255, 1), 76890: (255, 1), 76904: (255, 1), 76918: (255, 4), 76932: (0, 2), 76946: (0, 1), 76960: (255, 0), 76974: (254, 4), 76988: (255, 2), 77002: (255, 1), 77016: (0, 1), 77030: (255, 1), 77044: (255, 4), 77058: (255, 2), 77072: (0, 2), 77086: (0, 1), 77100: (0, 6), 77114: (255, 2), 77128: (255, 1), 77142: (255, 1), 77156: (0, 5), 77170: (0, 2), 77184: (255, 1), 77198: (255, 0), 77212: (255, 5), 77226: (255, 2), 77240: (255, 1), 77254: (255, 1), 77268: (255, 5), 77282: (0, 2), 77296: (255, 1), 77310: (255, 0), 77324: (0, 4), 77338: (1, 127), 77352: (1, 127), 77366: (0, 125), 77380: (0, 0), 77394: (0, 124), 77408: (1, 123), 77422: (1, 124), 77436: (0, 2), 77450: (0, 127), 77464: (0, 127), 77478: (0, 1), 77492: (1, 2), 77506: (1, 0), 77520: (1, 0), 77534: (1, 3), 77548: (1, 2), 77562: (1, 1), 77576: (0, 0), 77590: (0, 4), 77604: (0, 1), 77618: (0, 0), 77632: (0, 127), 77646: (255, 4), 77660: (0, 0), 77674: (1, 0), 77688: (0, 127), 77702: (255, 3), 77716: (255, 126), 77730: (0, 126), 77744: (1, 0), 77758: (1, 1), 77772: (0, 127), 77786: (0, 127), 77800: (0, 2), 77814: (0, 0), 77828: (0, 127), 77842: (0, 127), 77856: (0, 4), 77870: (0, 1), 77884: (0, 0), 77898: (0, 0), 77912: (0, 4), 77926: (0, 1), 77940: (0, 0), 77954: (0, 1), 77968: (0, 3), 77982: (255, 1), 77996: (0, 0), 78010: (0, 2), 78024: (0, 3), 78038: (0, 1), 78052: (0, 0), 78066: (255, 3), 78080: (0, 0), 78094: (0, 0), 78108: (0, 1), 78122: (255, 4), 78136: (255, 1), 78150: (0, 1), 78164: (1, 1), 78178: (0, 5), 78192: (0, 1), 78206: (0, 1), 78220: (255, 1), 78234: (0, 6), 78248: (0, 1), 78262: (0, 0), 78276: (0, 2), 78290: (0, 5), 78304: (255, 1), 78318: (255, 0), 78332: (0, 0), 78346: (0, 3), 78360: (255, 0), 78374: (255, 127), 78388: (254, 1), 78402: (255, 1), 78416: (255, 0), 78430: (255, 127), 78444: (255, 3), 78458: (254, 0), 78472: (255, 127), 78486: (255, 127), 78500: (0, 5), 78514: (0, 0), 78528: (0, 127), 78542: (1, 0), 78556: (0, 6), 78570: (0, 1), 78584: (0, 0), 78598: (0, 0), 78612: (0, 5), 78626: (255, 1), 78640: (255, 0), 78654: (255, 0), 78668: (0, 4), 78682: (0, 1), 78696: (255, 1), 78710: (255, 1), 78724: (255, 3), 78738: (255, 0), 78752: (255, 1), 78766: (255, 2), 78780: (255, 2), 78794: (255, 1), 78808: (255, 0), 78822: (0, 3), 78836: (0, 3), 78850: (255, 1), 78864: (255, 0), 78878: (0, 1), 78892: (0, 2), 78906: (254, 0), 78920: (255, 0), 78934: (255, 2), 78948: (0, 1), 78962: (255, 0), 78976: (254, 0), 78990: (254, 3), 79004: (255, 1), 79018: (0, 1), 79032: (255, 0), 79046: (255, 3), 79060: (255, 0), 79074: (0, 1), 79088: (0, 127), 79102: (0, 2), 79116: (0, 2), 79130: (1, 2), 79144: (0, 1), 79158: (0, 4), 79172: (255, 0), 79186: (255, 0), 79200: (0, 0), 79214: (255, 3), 79228: (255, 2), 79242: (0, 1), 79256: (1, 1), 79270: (1, 5), 79284: (1, 1), 79298: (0, 127), 79312: (0, 0), 79326: (1, 0), 79340: (2, 2), 79354: (2, 1), 79368: (1, 1), 79382: (0, 0), 79396: (0, 3), 79410: (0, 1), 79424: (0, 0), 79438: (0, 1), 79452: (0, 2), 79466: (255, 1), 79480: (0, 1), 79494: (0, 3), 79508: (0, 2), 79522: (0, 0), 79536: (0, 0), 79550: (0, 3), 79564: (255, 0), 79578: (255, 127), 79592: (0, 0), 79606: (0, 4), 79620: (0, 0), 79634: (255, 127), 79648: (255, 127), 79662: (255, 3), 79676: (0, 127), 79690: (0, 127), 79704: (255, 127), 79718: (255, 3), 79732: (255, 0), 79746: (0, 0), 79760: (0, 0), 79774: (0, 3), 79788: (0, 0), 79802: (0, 0), 79816: (0, 2), 79830: (0, 2), 79844: (255, 0), 79858: (0, 0), 79872: (0, 2), 79886: (0, 1), 79900: (255, 127), 79914: (254, 127), 79928: (255, 3), 79942: (0, 2), 79956: (0, 1), 79970: (255, 127), 79984: (254, 0), 79998: (255, 1), 80012: (255, 127), 80026: (0, 127), 80040: (0, 127), 80054: (255, 2), 80068: (254, 0), 80082: (255, 0), 80096: (255, 127), 80110: (255, 127), 80124: (255, 0), 80138: (255, 2), 80152: (255, 0), 80166: (254, 0), 80180: (255, 0), 80194: (0, 0), 80208: (0, 3), 80222: (0, 1), 80236: (255, 0), 80250: (255, 0), 80264: (255, 3), 80278: (0, 3), 80292: (1, 1), 80306: (0, 0), 80320: (255, 0), 80334: (255, 3), 80348: (0, 0), 80362: (0, 127), 80376: (0, 127), 80390: (0, 2), 80404: (0, 1), 80418: (0, 1), 80432: (255, 0), 80446: (0, 0), 80460: (0, 4), 80474: (0, 0), 80488: (0, 1), 80502: (0, 0), 80516: (255, 3), 80530: (1, 1), 80544: (2, 2), 80558: (2, 1), 80572: (1, 0), 80586: (0, 2), 80600: (1, 127), 80614: (2, 127), 80628: (2, 127), 80642: (1, 3), 80656: (0, 127), 80670: (0, 127), 80684: (0, 127), 80698: (1, 2), 80712: (1, 1), 80726: (0, 127), 80740: (0, 127), 80754: (0, 1), 80768: (0, 0), 80782: (0, 127), 80796: (0, 126), 80810: (0, 127), 80824: (255, 0), 80838: (255, 126), 80852: (255, 126), 80866: (0, 127), 80880: (0, 0), 80894: (255, 126), 80908: (254, 126), 80922: (255, 1), 80936: (0, 0), 80950: (0, 0), 80964: (0, 127), 80978: (255, 1), 80992: (255, 1), 81006: (255, 127), 81020: (0, 127), 81034: (0, 0), 81048: (0, 1), 81062: (255, 0), 81076: (255, 127), 81090: (0, 0), 81104: (255, 4), 81118: (255, 0), 81132: (255, 127), 81146: (0, 1), 81160: (0, 3), 81174: (0, 1), 81188: (255, 0), 81202: (255, 0), 81216: (255, 0), 81230: (0, 4), 81244: (0, 2), 81258: (1, 0), 81272: (1, 127), 81286: (0, 4), 81300: (1, 1), 81314: (1, 0), 81328: (0, 0), 81342: (0, 1), 81356: (0, 2), 81370: (0, 1), 81384: (0, 1), 81398: (0, 1), 81412: (0, 5), 81426: (0, 1), 81440: (0, 0), 81454: (0, 127), 81468: (0, 3), 81482: (1, 1), 81496: (0, 127), 81510: (0, 126), 81524: (0, 126), 81538: (1, 3), 81552: (1, 0), 81566: (0, 127), 81580: (255, 126), 81594: (255, 3), 81608: (255, 0), 81622: (255, 127), 81636: (0, 127), 81650: (255, 3), 81664: (255, 0), 81678: (255, 0), 81692: (0, 0), 81706: (255, 3), 81720: (0, 0), 81734: (255, 127), 81748: (255, 127), 81762: (255, 127), 81776: (255, 1), 81790: (255, 0), 81804: (0, 0), 81818: (0, 0), 81832: (0, 4), 81846: (0, 1), 81860: (255, 0), 81874: (0, 0), 81888: (0, 4), 81902: (0, 2), 81916: (255, 0), 81930: (255, 0), 81944: (0, 1), 81958: (0, 2), 81972: (0, 2), 81986: (0, 0), 82000: (0, 1), 82014: (0, 5), 82028: (0, 1), 82042: (0, 1), 82056: (0, 0), 82070: (0, 3), 82084: (0, 1), 82098: (255, 1), 82112: (255, 0), 82126: (0, 1), 82140: (0, 3), 82154: (0, 1), 82168: (0, 0), 82182: (255, 0), 82196: (255, 4), 82210: (0, 2), 82224: (0, 0), 82238: (0, 0), 82252: (255, 3), 82266: (0, 1), 82280: (0, 1), 82294: (255, 0), 82308: (255, 0), 82322: (255, 2), 82336: (0, 0), 82350: (0, 1), 82364: (0, 1), 82378: (0, 4), 82392: (1, 1), 82406: (1, 0), 82420: (2, 0), 82434: (1, 4), 82448: (2, 0), 82462: (2, 0), 82476: (1, 0), 82490: (1, 5), 82504: (2, 0), 82518: (1, 127), 82532: (0, 0), 82546: (1, 5), 82560: (0, 1), 82574: (255, 0), 82588: (255, 1), 82602: (1, 5), 82616: (1, 2), 82630: (0, 1), 82644: (0, 0), 82658: (0, 3), 82672: (0, 1), 82686: (0, 1), 82700: (255, 0), 82714: (0, 3), 82728: (0, 1), 82742: (0, 0), 82756: (0, 1), 82770: (255, 1), 82784: (255, 0), 82798: (255, 0), 82812: (0, 2), 82826: (255, 1), 82840: (255, 0), 82854: (254, 127), 82868: (255, 2), 82882: (0, 1), 82896: (0, 0), 82910: (255, 127), 82924: (255, 3), 82938: (255, 0), 82952: (1, 0), 82966: (0, 0), 82980: (0, 4), 82994: (0, 0), 83008: (255, 0), 83022: (255, 0), 83036: (255, 3), 83050: (255, 1), 83064: (0, 0), 83078: (0, 1), 83092: (255, 4), 83106: (255, 1), 83120: (255, 0), 83134: (0, 2), 83148: (0, 4), 83162: (255, 2), 83176: (255, 0), 83190: (255, 1), 83204: (0, 2), 83218: (0, 3), 83232: (1, 2), 83246: (1, 1), 83260: (1, 0), 83274: (1, 4), 83288: (1, 2), 83302: (1, 1), 83316: (1, 1), 83330: (0, 5), 83344: (0, 0), 83358: (0, 0), 83372: (255, 0), 83386: (255, 4), 83400: (0, 2), 83414: (1, 1), 83428: (0, 0), 83442: (255, 4), 83456: (255, 1), 83470: (0, 1), 83484: (0, 0), 83498: (0, 4), 83512: (255, 0), 83526: (255, 127), 83540: (255, 127), 83554: (0, 3), 83568: (0, 127), 83582: (255, 125), 83596: (255, 125), 83610: (255, 2), 83624: (255, 0), 83638: (255, 0), 83652: (255, 127), 83666: (0, 3), 83680: (0, 0), 83694: (254, 127), 83708: (254, 127), 83722: (254, 1), 83736: (255, 1), 83750: (255, 127), 83764: (255, 127), 83778: (255, 127), 83792: (254, 3), 83806: (255, 0), 83820: (255, 127), 83834: (255, 127), 83848: (0, 0), 83862: (0, 4), 83876: (0, 127), 83890: (1, 0), 83904: (1, 127), 83918: (2, 0), 83932: (1, 4), 83946: (2, 3), 83960: (0, 0), 83974: (255, 127), 83988: (0, 3), 84002: (0, 1), 84016: (0, 0), 84030: (0, 0), 84044: (255, 0), 84058: (254, 3), 84072: (255, 1), 84086: (0, 2), 84100: (0, 0), 84114: (255, 0), 84128: (255, 4), 84142: (0, 1), 84156: (0, 1), 84170: (0, 0), 84184: (0, 3), 84198: (0, 1), 84212: (0, 1), 84226: (0, 0), 84240: (0, 0), 84254: (0, 3), 84268: (1, 1), 84282: (0, 1), 84296: (255, 0), 84310: (255, 4), 84324: (0, 1), 84338: (0, 0), 84352: (0, 0), 84366: (1, 2), 84380: (1, 2), 84394: (1, 0), 84408: (1, 2), 84422: (1, 1), 84436: (0, 3), 84450: (1, 1), 84464: (2, 1), 84478: (1, 0), 84492: (0, 5), 84506: (0, 1), 84520: (0, 0), 84534: (0, 1), 84548: (255, 4), 84562: (255, 1), 84576: (0, 0), 84590: (1, 1), 84604: (0, 4), 84618: (0, 2), 84632: (0, 0), 84646: (0, 0), 84660: (0, 3), 84674: (1, 2), 84688: (1, 1), 84702: (0, 0), 84716: (0, 2), 84730: (1, 1), 84744: (1, 1), 84758: (1, 127), 84772: (0, 2), 84786: (0, 0), 84800: (0, 127), 84814: (0, 127), 84828: (255, 0), 84842: (255, 3), 84856: (1, 1), 84870: (0, 0), 84884: (1, 127), 84898: (1, 4), 84912: (1, 127), 84926: (2, 0), 84940: (2, 0), 84954: (1, 5), 84968: (1, 0), 84982: (1, 0), 84996: (0, 127), 85010: (1, 5), 85024: (1, 1), 85038: (0, 0), 85052: (0, 0), 85066: (0, 4), 85080: (0, 1), 85094: (1, 1), 85108: (0, 0), 85122: (0, 4), 85136: (0, 1), 85150: (0, 0), 85164: (0, 127), 85178: (0, 3), 85192: (1, 1), 85206: (0, 0), 85220: (255, 0), 85234: (0, 3), 85248: (0, 1), 85262: (1, 127), 85276: (1, 127), 85290: (0, 0), 85304: (0, 2), 85318: (0, 0), 85332: (0, 0), 85346: (1, 0), 85360: (1, 3), 85374: (0, 1), 85388: (0, 0), 85402: (0, 0), 85416: (0, 4), 85430: (0, 1), 85444: (0, 0), 85458: (0, 0), 85472: (0, 5), 85486: (1, 2), 85500: (0, 1), 85514: (0, 1), 85528: (0, 5), 85542: (0, 2), 85556: (0, 0), 85570: (255, 1), 85584: (0, 3), 85598: (1, 1), 85612: (0, 127), 85626: (0, 126), 85640: (0, 126), 85654: (255, 3), 85668: (255, 0), 85682: (1, 0), 85696: (1, 0), 85710: (0, 2), 85724: (0, 127), 85738: (0, 0), 85752: (1, 1), 85766: (1, 3), 85780: (0, 2), 85794: (0, 0), 85808: (0, 1), 85822: (0, 1), 85836: (0, 2), 85850: (255, 0), 85864: (0, 0), 85878: (0, 0), 85892: (0, 4), 85906: (0, 1), 85920: (0, 1), 85934: (0, 1), 85948: (255, 5), 85962: (255, 1), 85976: (255, 1), 85990: (0, 1), 86004: (0, 6), 86018: (255, 2), 86032: (255, 1), 86046: (255, 1), 86060: (255, 5), 86074: (0, 2), 86088: (0, 1), 86102: (0, 1), 86116: (255, 4), 86130: (0, 2), 86144: (0, 1), 86158: (0, 1), 86172: (0, 1), 86186: (0, 3), 86200: (255, 1), 86214: (0, 1), 86228: (0, 2), 86242: (255, 4), 86256: (0, 2), 86270: (0, 1), 86284: (0, 1), 86298: (255, 4), 86312: (255, 1), 86326: (0, 0), 86340: (0, 0), 86354: (0, 5), 86368: (255, 0), 86382: (255, 0), 86396: (255, 127), 86410: (0, 3), 86424: (0, 0), 86438: (0, 0), 86452: (255, 0), 86466: (254, 4), 86480: (255, 1), 86494: (255, 0), 86508: (0, 0), 86522: (0, 3), 86536: (0, 2), 86550: (0, 1), 86564: (255, 0), 86578: (0, 3), 86592: (2, 2), 86606: (2, 0), 86620: (1, 0), 86634: (1, 1), 86648: (1, 3), 86662: (2, 1), 86676: (2, 127), 86690: (2, 0), 86704: (2, 0), 86718: (1, 1), 86732: (255, 0), 86746: (0, 0), 86760: (255, 4), 86774: (0, 1), 86788: (0, 0), 86802: (0, 1), 86816: (255, 4), 86830: (255, 0), 86844: (255, 0), 86858: (0, 0), 86872: (0, 4), 86886: (0, 2), 86900: (0, 1), 86914: (0, 0), 86928: (1, 2), 86942: (2, 2), 86956: (2, 2), 86970: (1, 1), 86984: (1, 1), 86998: (1, 3), 87012: (1, 0), 87026: (0, 0), 87040: (1, 0), 87054: (1, 4), 87068: (0, 0), 87082: (0, 0), 87096: (255, 0), 87110: (0, 5), 87124: (0, 1), 87138: (0, 1), 87152: (255, 0), 87166: (255, 5), 87180: (255, 0), 87194: (0, 0), 87208: (255, 0), 87222: (255, 5), 87236: (0, 1), 87250: (0, 0), 87264: (0, 0), 87278: (255, 4), 87292: (0, 0), 87306: (0, 0), 87320: (0, 127), 87334: (255, 4), 87348: (0, 0), 87362: (255, 127), 87376: (255, 127), 87390: (255, 4), 87404: (0, 2), 87418: (0, 1), 87432: (255, 1), 87446: (255, 4), 87460: (0, 1), 87474: (0, 0), 87488: (255, 0), 87502: (255, 0), 87516: (255, 3), 87530: (255, 1), 87544: (255, 0), 87558: (255, 0), 87572: (255, 3), 87586: (255, 2), 87600: (255, 1), 87614: (0, 1), 87628: (255, 0), 87642: (255, 4), 87656: (255, 1), 87670: (0, 2), 87684: (255, 1), 87698: (255, 0), 87712: (0, 4), 87726: (1, 1), 87740: (0, 0), 87754: (0, 0), 87768: (255, 0), 87782: (0, 5), 87796: (1, 1), 87810: (0, 0), 87824: (0, 127), 87838: (255, 126), 87852: (0, 3), 87866: (0, 0), 87880: (0, 0), 87894: (255, 127), 87908: (255, 2), 87922: (255, 0), 87936: (255, 127), 87950: (255, 127), 87964: (255, 127), 87978: (0, 4), 87992: (1, 2), 88006: (0, 1), 88020: (0, 0), 88034: (0, 127), 88048: (1, 1), 88062: (2, 1), 88076: (1, 0), 88090: (1, 0), 88104: (0, 3), 88118: (0, 1), 88132: (0, 0), 88146: (0, 1), 88160: (0, 0), 88174: (255, 3), 88188: (255, 1), 88202: (0, 1), 88216: (1, 1), 88230: (0, 3), 88244: (0, 2), 88258: (0, 1), 88272: (0, 1), 88286: (1, 1), 88300: (0, 4), 88314: (0, 1), 88328: (0, 1), 88342: (0, 1), 88356: (0, 4), 88370: (0, 1), 88384: (0, 0), 88398: (0, 0), 88412: (1, 127), 88426: (255, 4), 88440: (255, 0), 88454: (255, 0), 88468: (0, 127), 88482: (0, 4), 88496: (255, 0), 88510: (255, 127), 88524: (255, 127), 88538: (255, 3), 88552: (0, 1), 88566: (255, 0), 88580: (0, 0), 88594: (255, 2), 88608: (0, 2), 88622: (255, 0), 88636: (0, 1), 88650: (1, 1), 88664: (1, 3), 88678: (1, 3), 88692: (0, 0), 88706: (255, 0), 88720: (0, 3), 88734: (1, 2), 88748: (0, 0), 88762: (0, 0), 88776: (255, 5), 88790: (0, 1), 88804: (0, 1), 88818: (0, 1), 88832: (0, 5), 88846: (255, 2), 88860: (0, 1), 88874: (0, 2), 88888: (0, 4), 88902: (255, 2), 88916: (255, 1), 88930: (255, 1), 88944: (255, 1), 88958: (255, 4), 88972: (255, 2), 88986: (0, 1), 89000: (1, 2), 89014: (0, 5), 89028: (255, 2), 89042: (255, 1), 89056: (0, 1), 89070: (0, 5), 89084: (0, 2), 89098: (255, 1), 89112: (255, 1), 89126: (255, 3), 89140: (0, 3), 89154: (0, 1), 89168: (255, 1), 89182: (255, 1), 89196: (255, 2), 89210: (255, 0), 89224: (0, 0), 89238: (255, 0), 89252: (255, 3), 89266: (0, 0), 89280: (255, 0), 89294: (255, 0), 89308: (255, 4), 89322: (254, 0), 89336: (255, 0), 89350: (255, 0), 89364: (255, 3), 89378: (255, 0), 89392: (255, 127), 89406: (254, 127), 89420: (255, 3), 89434: (255, 127), 89448: (255, 127), 89462: (255, 0), 89476: (0, 0), 89490: (255, 3), 89504: (254, 0), 89518: (255, 1), 89532: (0, 1), 89546: (0, 2), 89560: (255, 2), 89574: (255, 1), 89588: (255, 1), 89602: (0, 1), 89616: (0, 5), 89630: (255, 1), 89644: (255, 1), 89658: (255, 0), 89672: (0, 1), 89686: (255, 2), 89700: (255, 0), 89714: (0, 1), 89728: (0, 0), 89742: (0, 5), 89756: (0, 1), 89770: (255, 1), 89784: (255, 1), 89798: (0, 1), 89812: (0, 4), 89826: (1, 2), 89840: (0, 0), 89854: (1, 0), 89868: (1, 3), 89882: (2, 2), 89896: (1, 127), 89910: (2, 0), 89924: (2, 1), 89938: (1, 2), 89952: (0, 1), 89966: (0, 0), 89980: (1, 0), 89994: (1, 4), 90008: (1, 1), 90022: (0, 1), 90036: (0, 0), 90050: (0, 4), 90064: (1, 3), 90078: (1, 2), 90092: (0, 1), 90106: (0, 5), 90120: (0, 2), 90134: (1, 1), 90148: (1, 1), 90162: (1, 4), 90176: (0, 1), 90190: (0, 1), 90204: (0, 0), 90218: (0, 3), 90232: (1, 1), 90246: (0, 0), 90260: (0, 0), 90274: (0, 1), 90288: (0, 1), 90302: (255, 127), 90316: (0, 0), 90330: (0, 1), 90344: (0, 2), 90358: (255, 127), 90372: (255, 0), 90386: (0, 1), 90400: (0, 2), 90414: (0, 0), 90428: (1, 0), 90442: (0, 127), 90456: (1, 2), 90470: (1, 1), 90484: (2, 1), 90498: (1, 0), 90512: (1, 4), 90526: (1, 1), 90540: (0, 0), 90554: (0, 1), 90568: (0, 5), 90582: (0, 2), 90596: (1, 1), 90610: (0, 0), 90624: (0, 4), 90638: (0, 1), 90652: (0, 1), 90666: (1, 1), 90680: (1, 2), 90694: (0, 2), 90708: (255, 0), 90722: (0, 0), 90736: (1, 127), 90750: (0, 3), 90764: (1, 0), 90778: (2, 127), 90792: (1, 127), 90806: (1, 3), 90820: (1, 127), 90834: (2, 127), 90848: (1, 127), 90862: (1, 3), 90876: (1, 1), 90890: (1, 127), 90904: (0, 0), 90918: (255, 4), 90932: (0, 1), 90946: (1, 0), 90960: (1, 0), 90974: (255, 4), 90988: (0, 0), 91002: (1, 0), 91016: (1, 0), 91030: (0, 5), 91044: (255, 0), 91058: (0, 1), 91072: (1, 2), 91086: (1, 3), 91100: (0, 1), 91114: (0, 0), 91128: (0, 3), 91142: (0, 2), 91156: (0, 1), 91170: (0, 1), 91184: (0, 5), 91198: (0, 1), 91212: (0, 0), 91226: (0, 1), 91240: (0, 6), 91254: (0, 1), 91268: (0, 1), 91282: (0, 1), 91296: (255, 3), 91310: (255, 0), 91324: (255, 0), 91338: (0, 4), 91352: (0, 1), 91366: (255, 0), 91380: (255, 127), 91394: (0, 5), 91408: (0, 0), 91422: (0, 0), 91436: (255, 0), 91450: (0, 2), 91464: (0, 0), 91478: (0, 0), 91492: (255, 4), 91506: (255, 1), 91520: (0, 0), 91534: (255, 0), 91548: (255, 5), 91562: (255, 0), 91576: (255, 0), 91590: (255, 0), 91604: (0, 5), 91618: (0, 1), 91632: (255, 0), 91646: (254, 0), 91660: (0, 6), 91674: (0, 2), 91688: (0, 1), 91702: (0, 1), 91716: (0, 5), 91730: (255, 1), 91744: (0, 1), 91758: (0, 1), 91772: (0, 5), 91786: (0, 1), 91800: (255, 0), 91814: (255, 1), 91828: (0, 4), 91842: (0, 0), 91856: (0, 0), 91870: (0, 1), 91884: (0, 5), 91898: (255, 1), 91912: (255, 1), 91926: (0, 2), 91940: (1, 5), 91954: (0, 2), 91968: (255, 0), 91982: (255, 2), 91996: (0, 4), 92010: (1, 2), 92024: (0, 1), 92038: (255, 3), 92052: (255, 3), 92066: (255, 2), 92080: (0, 0), 92094: (0, 4), 92108: (0, 2), 92122: (255, 1), 92136: (255, 0), 92150: (255, 5), 92164: (255, 1), 92178: (255, 0), 92192: (0, 1), 92206: (0, 5), 92220: (255, 0), 92234: (255, 0), 92248: (255, 2), 92262: (0, 2), 92276: (0, 0), 92290: (255, 0), 92304: (255, 4), 92318: (0, 1), 92332: (0, 127), 92346: (1, 127), 92360: (1, 5), 92374: (2, 2), 92388: (1, 1), 92402: (0, 0), 92416: (0, 5), 92430: (0, 0), 92444: (0, 1), 92458: (0, 0), 92472: (0, 5), 92486: (0, 1), 92500: (255, 1), 92514: (255, 0), 92528: (0, 5), 92542: (0, 1), 92556: (0, 0), 92570: (255, 1), 92584: (255, 3), 92598: (255, 0), 92612: (0, 2), 92626: (0, 2), 92640: (255, 3), 92654: (255, 0), 92668: (0, 2), 92682: (0, 4), 92696: (0, 3), 92710: (255, 1), 92724: (255, 0), 92738: (255, 4), 92752: (0, 2), 92766: (255, 0), 92780: (255, 0), 92794: (255, 6), 92808: (0, 1), 92822: (255, 0), 92836: (255, 0), 92850: (255, 5), 92864: (0, 1), 92878: (0, 1), 92892: (255, 2), 92906: (255, 5), 92920: (0, 2), 92934: (0, 2), 92948: (0, 2), 92962: (0, 3), 92976: (255, 1), 92990: (255, 0), 93004: (0, 4), 93018: (0, 3), 93032: (255, 1), 93046: (255, 1), 93060: (255, 4), 93074: (255, 2), 93088: (0, 2), 93102: (255, 1), 93116: (0, 6), 93130: (255, 1), 93144: (0, 1), 93158: (0, 0), 93172: (0, 5), 93186: (0, 0), 93200: (0, 0), 93214: (255, 0), 93228: (0, 3), 93242: (255, 0), 93256: (255, 0), 93270: (0, 3), 93284: (255, 0), 93298: (255, 127), 93312: (254, 127), 93326: (0, 5), 93340: (0, 0), 93354: (0, 127), 93368: (255, 0), 93382: (255, 2), 93396: (255, 0), 93410: (0, 0), 93424: (255, 2), 93438: (0, 127), 93452: (0, 126), 93466: (255, 127), 93480: (0, 3), 93494: (255, 0), 93508: (255, 127), 93522: (255, 0), 93536: (255, 3), 93550: (0, 1), 93564: (255, 1), 93578: (254, 0), 93592: (1, 2), 93606: (2, 3), 93620: (1, 0), 93634: (1, 0), 93648: (1, 1), 93662: (0, 6), 93676: (1, 0), 93690: (0, 0), 93704: (255, 127), 93718: (255, 5), 93732: (0, 0), 93746: (255, 127), 93760: (255, 127), 93774: (255, 3), 93788: (0, 1), 93802: (0, 1), 93816: (255, 127), 93830: (254, 3), 93844: (255, 1), 93858: (0, 0), 93872: (255, 127), 93886: (0, 3), 93900: (255, 0), 93914: (255, 127), 93928: (255, 127), 93942: (0, 3), 93956: (0, 0), 93970: (255, 127), 93984: (254, 126), 93998: (254, 4), 94012: (255, 127), 94026: (255, 127), 94040: (255, 127), 94054: (254, 3), 94068: (255, 0), 94082: (255, 127), 94096: (254, 127), 94110: (254, 3), 94124: (0, 1), 94138: (0, 0), 94152: (255, 0), 94166: (254, 4), 94180: (255, 0), 94194: (255, 1), 94208: (255, 0), 94222: (255, 5), 94236: (255, 0), 94250: (255, 1), 94264: (255, 0), 94278: (1, 6), 94292: (2, 2), 4: (2, 125), 18: (255, 0), 32: (255, 5), 46: (1, 125), 60: (0, 0), 74: (254, 0), 88: (254, 127), 102: (6, 0), 116: (245, 3), 130: (254, 1), 144: (9, 2), 158: (0, 0), 172: (1, 0), 186: (255, 0), 200: (0, 127), 214: (0, 3), 228: (7, 0), 242: (3, 1), 256: (0, 1), 270: (255, 2), 284: (255, 127), 298: (9, 2), 312: (243, 3), 326: (255, 2), 340: (254, 0), 354: (0, 1), 368: (248, 124), 382: (1, 3), 396: (253, 117), 410: (255, 127), 424: (1, 1), 438: (254, 0), 452: (245, 6), 466: (254, 1), 480: (254, 127), 494: (6, 127), 508: (255, 127), 522: (255, 1), 536: (255, 126), 550: (254, 3), 564: (0, 127), 578: (254, 3), 592: (5, 0), 606: (255, 3), 620: (250, 126), 634: (250, 123), 648: (1, 2), 662: (255, 1), 676: (0, 1), 690: (255, 2), 704: (0, 1), 718: (0, 2), 732: (0, 126), 746: (3, 125), 760: (255, 2), 774: (255, 0), 788: (5, 127), 802: (5, 126), 816: (0, 0), 830: (1, 126), 844: (0, 1), 858: (2, 127), 872: (1, 126), 886: (254, 124), 900: (2, 127), 914: (2, 0), 928: (0, 126), 942: (0, 125), 956: (2, 126), 970: (1, 126), 984: (1, 2), 998: (1, 126), 1012: (1, 126), 1026: (1, 126), 1040: (2, 126), 1054: (1, 2), 1068: (0, 126), 1082: (0, 125), 1096: (2, 126), 1110: (1, 125), 1124: (0, 126), 1138: (0, 126), 1152: (1, 126), 1166: (1, 126), 1180: (1, 126), 1194: (1, 1), 1208: (1, 0), 1222: (0, 126), 1236: (1, 127), 1250: (1, 127), 1264: (0, 3), 1278: (0, 127), 1292: (1, 127), 1306: (1, 127), 1320: (0, 127), 1334: (1, 2), 1348: (1, 127), 1362: (1, 127), 1376: (1, 126), 1390: (2, 4), 1404: (1, 126), 1418: (1, 126), 1432: (2, 126), 1446: (2, 127), 1460: (1, 127), 1474: (0, 126), 1488: (1, 126), 1502: (2, 126), 1516: (1, 2), 1530: (1, 125), 1544: (2, 125), 1558: (2, 125), 1572: (1, 0), 1586: (1, 127), 1600: (1, 126), 1614: (1, 126), 1628: (1, 126), 1642: (1, 3), 1656: (1, 126), 1670: (0, 126), 1684: (0, 126), 1698: (1, 1), 1712: (2, 0), 1726: (0, 126), 1740: (0, 126), 1754: (0, 0), 1768: (0, 0), 1782: (0, 127), 1796: (1, 0), 1810: (1, 127), 1824: (1, 4), 1838: (1, 0), 1852: (0, 127), 1866: (0, 127), 1880: (1, 3), 1894: (2, 0), 1908: (1, 127), 1922: (0, 127), 1936: (0, 1), 1950: (1, 0), 1964: (1, 0), 1978: (1, 127), 1992: (1, 127), 2006: (0, 3), 2020: (0, 0), 2034: (1, 127), 2048: (1, 127), 2062: (1, 4), 2076: (0, 0), 2090: (1, 127), 2104: (1, 0), 2118: (0, 3), 2132: (0, 0), 2146: (1, 127), 2160: (2, 0), 2174: (1, 127), 2188: (1, 3), 2202: (0, 127), 2216: (0, 126), 2230: (1, 126), 2244: (2, 3), 2258: (2, 126), 2272: (0, 126), 2286: (0, 127), 2300: (1, 2), 2314: (2, 1), 2328: (1, 0), 2342: (1, 127), 2356: (2, 127), 2370: (1, 2), 2384: (1, 0), 2398: (1, 127), 2412: (1, 127), 2426: (1, 1), 2440: (1, 1), 2454: (0, 127), 2468: (1, 126), 2482: (2, 127), 2496: (2, 4), 2510: (2, 127), 2524: (1, 126), 2538: (1, 125), 2552: (2, 0), 2566: (4, 127), 2580: (3, 126), 2594: (2, 125), 2608: (1, 126), 2622: (1, 0), 2636: (2, 127), 2650: (1, 126), 2664: (1, 126), 2678: (1, 2), 2692: (1, 127), 2706: (1, 127), 2720: (0, 127), 2734: (1, 3), 2748: (2, 127), 2762: (1, 127), 2776: (1, 126), 2790: (1, 0), 2804: (1, 1), 2818: (1, 127), 2832: (2, 127), 2846: (2, 0), 2860: (1, 1), 2874: (1, 126), 2888: (2, 127), 2902: (2, 127), 2916: (1, 127), 2930: (1, 0), 2944: (1, 126), 2958: (1, 126), 2972: (0, 126), 2986: (1, 2), 3000: (1, 0), 3014: (1, 127), 3028: (0, 127), 3042: (1, 3), 3056: (2, 127), 3070: (2, 125), 3084: (2, 125), 3098: (2, 2), 3112: (2, 127), 3126: (1, 125), 3140: (1, 125), 3154: (1, 3), 3168: (1, 127), 3182: (1, 127), 3196: (1, 126), 3210: (1, 1), 3224: (1, 0), 3238: (2, 126), 3252: (2, 126), 3266: (1, 127), 3280: (0, 1), 3294: (1, 127), 3308: (1, 127), 3322: (0, 126), 3336: (1, 3), 3350: (1, 0), 3364: (1, 127), 3378: (0, 126), 3392: (0, 4), 3406: (1, 127), 3420: (1, 126), 3434: (1, 126), 3448: (1, 2), 3462: (1, 126), 3476: (1, 126), 3490: (3, 127), 3504: (3, 3), 3518: (2, 0), 3532: (2, 127), 3546: (2, 127), 3560: (2, 1), 3574: (2, 1), 3588: (2, 127), 3602: (1, 126), 3616: (2, 127), 3630: (1, 2), 3644: (1, 127), 3658: (2, 127), 3672: (2, 125), 3686: (2, 2), 3700: (3, 0), 3714: (2, 127), 3728: (2, 126), 3742: (3, 1), 3756: (3, 0), 3770: (2, 126), 3784: (1, 125), 3798: (1, 125), 3812: (2, 0), 3826: (1, 126), 3840: (2, 126), 3854: (2, 125), 3868: (0, 2), 3882: (0, 126), 3896: (1, 126), 3910: (1, 127), 3924: (1, 3), 3938: (1, 127), 3952: (1, 127), 3966: (1, 126), 3980: (2, 1), 3994: (3, 1), 4008: (3, 0), 4022: (2, 127), 4036: (3, 0), 4050: (2, 1), 4064: (1, 127), 4078: (1, 127), 4092: (1, 127), 4106: (1, 4), 4120: (1, 127), 4134: (0, 126), 4148: (1, 127), 4162: (2, 5), 4176: (2, 127), 4190: (3, 126), 4204: (2, 127), 4218: (1, 0), 4232: (1, 0), 4246: (1, 126), 4260: (1, 126), 4274: (1, 126), 4288: (2, 3), 4302: (2, 127), 4316: (1, 126), 4330: (1, 126), 4344: (1, 3), 4358: (2, 0), 4372: (1, 126), 4386: (1, 126), 4400: (1, 125), 4414: (1, 1), 4428: (1, 126), 4442: (2, 126), 4456: (1, 126), 4470: (0, 3), 4484: (0, 127), 4498: (1, 126), 4512: (1, 126), 4526: (0, 2), 4540: (1, 127), 4554: (1, 126), 4568: (1, 126), 4582: (1, 0), 4596: (2, 0), 4610: (2, 127), 4624: (1, 127), 4638: (1, 125), 4652: (1, 126), 4666: (1, 125), 4680: (1, 126), 4694: (2, 3), 4708: (1, 127), 4722: (0, 126), 4736: (1, 126), 4750: (2, 127), 4764: (1, 126), 4778: (1, 2), 4792: (1, 126), 4806: (1, 126), 4820: (1, 126), 4834: (2, 126), 4848: (2, 1), 4862: (1, 127), 4876: (1, 126), 4890: (3, 126), 4904: (3, 125), 4918: (3, 126), 4932: (3, 0), 4946: (3, 126), 4960: (2, 126), 4974: (1, 125), 4988: (1, 1), 5002: (2, 127), 5016: (2, 126), 5030: (1, 125), 5044: (1, 126), 5058: (2, 2), 5072: (1, 126), 5086: (1, 126), 5100: (2, 126), 5114: (2, 0), 5128: (1, 0), 5142: (1, 126), 5156: (1, 126), 5170: (1, 126), 5184: (1, 3), 5198: (2, 127), 5212: (2, 127), 5226: (2, 125), 5240: (3, 126), 5254: (3, 0), 5268: (2, 126), 5282: (2, 126), 5296: (2, 126), 5310: (2, 3), 5324: (1, 127), 5338: (1, 126), 5352: (2, 126), 5366: (1, 1), 5380: (2, 127), 5394: (1, 125), 5408: (1, 125), 5422: (1, 125), 5436: (2, 2), 5450: (2, 125), 5464: (1, 124), 5478: (1, 124), 5492: (2, 125), 5506: (3, 127), 5520: (2, 126), 5534: (2, 126), 5548: (2, 127), 5562: (1, 3), 5576: (1, 0), 5590: (1, 126), 5604: (1, 127), 5618: (1, 127), 5632: (2, 1), 5646: (2, 126), 5660: (2, 126), 5674: (2, 124), 5688: (2, 0), 5702: (2, 127), 5716: (1, 126), 5730: (0, 125), 5744: (1, 125), 5758: (2, 2), 5772: (1, 126), 5786: (2, 126), 5800: (1, 126), 5814: (1, 1), 5828: (2, 127), 5842: (2, 126), 5856: (2, 125), 5870: (1, 126), 5884: (1, 1), 5898: (1, 126), 5912: (1, 126), 5926: (0, 125), 5940: (1, 2), 5954: (2, 0), 5968: (2, 127), 5982: (1, 127), 5996: (1, 127), 6010: (1, 3), 6024: (1, 0), 6038: (1, 127), 6052: (1, 127), 6066: (0, 1), 6080: (1, 0), 6094: (2, 127), 6108: (1, 127), 6122: (0, 127), 6136: (0, 3), 6150: (1, 0), 6164: (1, 0), 6178: (1, 0), 6192: (1, 4), 6206: (1, 0), 6220: (1, 127), 6234: (1, 127), 6248: (2, 1), 6262: (2, 127), 6276: (2, 125), 6290: (2, 126), 6304: (2, 126), 6318: (0, 3), 6332: (1, 127), 6346: (1, 127), 6360: (1, 127), 6374: (1, 2), 6388: (1, 0), 6402: (1, 127), 6416: (1, 127), 6430: (2, 127), 6444: (2, 3), 6458: (2, 126), 6472: (1, 126), 6486: (2, 126), 6500: (1, 3), 6514: (1, 126), 6528: (1, 125), 6542: (2, 126), 6556: (1, 1), 6570: (1, 1), 6584: (1, 0), 6598: (2, 127), 6612: (2, 127), 6626: (2, 3), 6640: (1, 127), 6654: (1, 126), 6668: (1, 126), 6682: (1, 3), 6696: (2, 127), 6710: (1, 126), 6724: (1, 125), 6738: (1, 2), 6752: (1, 127), 6766: (1, 127), 6780: (1, 126), 6794: (0, 126), 6808: (1, 3), 6822: (0, 127), 6836: (0, 126), 6850: (1, 126), 6864: (0, 126), 6878: (0, 3), 6892: (1, 127), 6906: (1, 126), 6920: (0, 126), 6934: (1, 127), 6948: (2, 4), 6962: (2, 127), 6976: (1, 127), 6990: (1, 127), 7004: (1, 127), 7018: (1, 2), 7032: (1, 0), 7046: (1, 127), 7060: (0, 127), 7074: (0, 3), 7088: (1, 0), 7102: (1, 0), 7116: (1, 127), 7130: (0, 127), 7144: (1, 2), 7158: (1, 127), 7172: (0, 127), 7186: (1, 127), 7200: (1, 4), 7214: (1, 0), 7228: (1, 0), 7242: (2, 0), 7256: (1, 127), 7270: (0, 2), 7284: (1, 0), 7298: (2, 0), 7312: (1, 127), 7326: (0, 4), 7340: (0, 0), 7354: (0, 127), 7368: (1, 0), 7382: (1, 2), 7396: (2, 0), 7410: (1, 126), 7424: (0, 0), 7438: (1, 127), 7452: (2, 3), 7466: (2, 127), 7480: (2, 127), 7494: (2, 126), 7508: (1, 4), 7522: (0, 0), 7536: (0, 127), 7550: (1, 127), 7564: (1, 2), 7578: (1, 1), 7592: (1, 127), 7606: (1, 126), 7620: (1, 127), 7634: (2, 0), 7648: (2, 126), 7662: (1, 125), 7676: (1, 127), 7690: (1, 0), 7704: (1, 126), 7718: (1, 126), 7732: (1, 127), 7746: (1, 0), 7760: (1, 126), 7774: (0, 126), 7788: (0, 126), 7802: (1, 1), 7816: (0, 126), 7830: (0, 126), 7844: (1, 126), 7858: (0, 1), 7872: (255, 126), 7886: (0, 126), 7900: (1, 126), 7914: (1, 4), 7928: (0, 127), 7942: (1, 0), 7956: (1, 127), 7970: (0, 3), 7984: (1, 1), 7998: (1, 127), 8012: (0, 127), 8026: (0, 127), 8040: (1, 4), 8054: (1, 0), 8068: (0, 127), 8082: (0, 127), 8096: (1, 3), 8110: (1, 127), 8124: (1, 126), 8138: (1, 125), 8152: (2, 127), 8166: (1, 127), 8180: (1, 125), 8194: (1, 125), 8208: (1, 125), 8222: (0, 2), 8236: (1, 127), 8250: (1, 126), 8264: (0, 125), 8278: (0, 2), 8292: (2, 0), 8306: (2, 127), 8320: (1, 126), 8334: (1, 1), 8348: (1, 0), 8362: (1, 127), 8376: (1, 127), 8390: (1, 127), 8404: (2, 4), 8418: (3, 0), 8432: (3, 127), 8446: (3, 126), 8460: (1, 4), 8474: (1, 0), 8488: (1, 127), 8502: (2, 0), 8516: (0, 3), 8530: (1, 0), 8544: (2, 127), 8558: (2, 0), 8572: (1, 0), 8586: (1, 0), 8600: (2, 126), 8614: (1, 125), 8628: (1, 127), 8642: (2, 0), 8656: (2, 126), 8670: (1, 125), 8684: (0, 125), 8698: (1, 2), 8712: (1, 126), 8726: (0, 125), 8740: (1, 126), 8754: (1, 2), 8768: (1, 127), 8782: (2, 125), 8796: (3, 126), 8810: (3, 0), 8824: (3, 125), 8838: (3, 127), 8852: (1, 127), 8866: (1, 127), 8880: (1, 126), 8894: (2, 126), 8908: (2, 1), 8922: (2, 1), 8936: (2, 126), 8950: (2, 126), 8964: (2, 3), 8978: (3, 0), 8992: (2, 127), 9006: (2, 126), 9020: (1, 3), 9034: (2, 127), 9048: (2, 126), 9062: (2, 126), 9076: (2, 1), 9090: (2, 127), 9104: (1, 126), 9118: (1, 2), 9132: (1, 127), 9146: (2, 126), 9160: (2, 127), 9174: (1, 3), 9188: (1, 127), 9202: (0, 126), 9216: (0, 1), 9230: (1, 1), 9244: (2, 0), 9258: (1, 126), 9272: (0, 3), 9286: (0, 127), 9300: (1, 0), 9314: (1, 0), 9328: (1, 4), 9342: (1, 0), 9356: (1, 127), 9370: (1, 3), 9384: (1, 1), 9398: (1, 127), 9412: (1, 127), 9426: (0, 5), 9440: (1, 0), 9454: (1, 127), 9468: (0, 0), 9482: (1, 3), 9496: (2, 1), 9510: (1, 0), 9524: (0, 3), 9538: (1, 0), 9552: (1, 127), 9566: (2, 127), 9580: (1, 5), 9594: (2, 127), 9608: (1, 126), 9622: (1, 127), 9636: (1, 3), 9650: (1, 127), 9664: (0, 127), 9678: (0, 3), 9692: (1, 0), 9706: (1, 127), 9720: (0, 126), 9734: (1, 4), 9748: (1, 127), 9762: (1, 127), 9776: (0, 0), 9790: (0, 1), 9804: (0, 127), 9818: (1, 127), 9832: (1, 3), 9846: (1, 0), 9860: (0, 127), 9874: (0, 127), 9888: (1, 5), 9902: (2, 1), 9916: (1, 127), 9930: (0, 127), 9944: (0, 4), 9958: (1, 0), 9972: (0, 127), 9986: (1, 0), 10000: (1, 3), 10014: (1, 0), 10028: (0, 127), 10042: (1, 127), 10056: (1, 4), 10070: (1, 0), 10084: (2, 0), 10098: (2, 0), 10112: (0, 3), 10126: (0, 127), 10140: (0, 127), 10154: (1, 0), 10168: (2, 3), 10182: (1, 127), 10196: (0, 127), 10210: (0, 1), 10224: (1, 2), 10238: (1, 127), 10252: (1, 127), 10266: (1, 2), 10280: (1, 1), 10294: (1, 0), 10308: (1, 127), 10322: (1, 1), 10336: (1, 2), 10350: (1, 127), 10364: (1, 127), 10378: (0, 1), 10392: (1, 1), 10406: (1, 127), 10420: (1, 0), 10434: (2, 3), 10448: (3, 1), 10462: (2, 0), 10476: (2, 127), 10490: (3, 4), 10504: (3, 1), 10518: (1, 0), 10532: (1, 0), 10546: (1, 4), 10560: (1, 1), 10574: (1, 0), 10588: (2, 127), 10602: (1, 5), 10616: (1, 127), 10630: (1, 126), 10644: (2, 126), 10658: (1, 3), 10672: (1, 126), 10686: (2, 126), 10700: (2, 126), 10714: (0, 3), 10728: (0, 126), 10742: (1, 126), 10756: (1, 126), 10770: (1, 3), 10784: (2, 127), 10798: (2, 125), 10812: (2, 125), 10826: (2, 4), 10840: (2, 127), 10854: (2, 127), 10868: (1, 126), 10882: (1, 4), 10896: (2, 1), 10910: (1, 127), 10924: (0, 127), 10938: (1, 5), 10952: (2, 0), 10966: (1, 0), 10980: (0, 0), 10994: (0, 4), 11008: (2, 1), 11022: (2, 0), 11036: (1, 127), 11050: (0, 4), 11064: (0, 0), 11078: (1, 127), 11092: (1, 127), 11106: (1, 5), 11120: (0, 0), 11134: (0, 127), 11148: (1, 0), 11162: (1, 4), 11176: (1, 0), 11190: (1, 0), 11204: (0, 127), 11218: (0, 4), 11232: (2, 1), 11246: (3, 0), 11260: (2, 127), 11274: (2, 5), 11288: (3, 1), 11302: (4, 0), 11316: (2, 126), 11330: (1, 4), 11344: (2, 0), 11358: (2, 0), 11372: (1, 127), 11386: (1, 5), 11400: (1, 0), 11414: (1, 127), 11428: (1, 127), 11442: (2, 4), 11456: (2, 127), 11470: (0, 126), 11484: (1, 126), 11498: (2, 3), 11512: (2, 126), 11526: (1, 125), 11540: (0, 126), 11554: (1, 4), 11568: (1, 0), 11582: (0, 126), 11596: (1, 126), 11610: (1, 4), 11624: (0, 126), 11638: (0, 125), 11652: (1, 125), 11666: (1, 3), 11680: (1, 0), 11694: (1, 126), 11708: (1, 126), 11722: (0, 126), 11736: (0, 1), 11750: (1, 126), 11764: (1, 126), 11778: (0, 126), 11792: (1, 126), 11806: (1, 5), 11820: (1, 0), 11834: (1, 127), 11848: (1, 127), 11862: (1, 127), 11876: (0, 4), 11890: (1, 0), 11904: (2, 127), 11918: (0, 127), 11932: (1, 0), 11946: (1, 0), 11960: (2, 127), 11974: (0, 126), 11988: (0, 126), 12002: (0, 2), 12016: (1, 0), 12030: (1, 127), 12044: (1, 127), 12058: (0, 127), 12072: (0, 4), 12086: (1, 127), 12100: (2, 0), 12114: (1, 127), 12128: (0, 0), 12142: (0, 1), 12156: (1, 127), 12170: (1, 127), 12184: (1, 127), 12198: (1, 4), 12212: (1, 0), 12226: (1, 127), 12240: (1, 127), 12254: (1, 2), 12268: (1, 0), 12282: (1, 0), 12296: (1, 0), 12310: (1, 127), 12324: (0, 3), 12338: (1, 0), 12352: (1, 0), 12366: (1, 0), 12380: (0, 4), 12394: (0, 127), 12408: (1, 127), 12422: (1, 0), 12436: (2, 4), 12450: (2, 0), 12464: (1, 127), 12478: (0, 127), 12492: (0, 3), 12506: (1, 1), 12520: (1, 0), 12534: (0, 0), 12548: (1, 2), 12562: (1, 1), 12576: (1, 127), 12590: (1, 127), 12604: (2, 127), 12618: (1, 5), 12632: (1, 0), 12646: (0, 127), 12660: (0, 127), 12674: (0, 3), 12688: (1, 1), 12702: (1, 0), 12716: (0, 127), 12730: (0, 127), 12744: (1, 2), 12758: (1, 0), 12772: (1, 127), 12786: (0, 127), 12800: (0, 4), 12814: (1, 0), 12828: (0, 0), 12842: (1, 0), 12856: (1, 2), 12870: (0, 0), 12884: (1, 0), 12898: (1, 0), 12912: (1, 127), 12926: (0, 2), 12940: (1, 0), 12954: (2, 127), 12968: (1, 127), 12982: (0, 4), 12996: (0, 126), 13010: (1, 126), 13024: (1, 127), 13038: (1, 4), 13052: (1, 0), 13066: (0, 127), 13080: (0, 0), 13094: (1, 3), 13108: (1, 1), 13122: (1, 0), 13136: (1, 127), 13150: (1, 3), 13164: (0, 0), 13178: (1, 127), 13192: (1, 127), 13206: (2, 1), 13220: (1, 1), 13234: (0, 127), 13248: (0, 127), 13262: (1, 127), 13276: (1, 4), 13290: (1, 0), 13304: (1, 127), 13318: (0, 127), 13332: (0, 3), 13346: (1, 0), 13360: (1, 127), 13374: (1, 127), 13388: (0, 2), 13402: (0, 1), 13416: (0, 127), 13430: (1, 127), 13444: (1, 127), 13458: (1, 4), 13472: (0, 127), 13486: (0, 127), 13500: (0, 127), 13514: (0, 4), 13528: (0, 127), 13542: (1, 126), 13556: (1, 127), 13570: (0, 2), 13584: (255, 127), 13598: (0, 127), 13612: (1, 127), 13626: (1, 0), 13640: (1, 1), 13654: (1, 0), 13668: (0, 0), 13682: (0, 127), 13696: (1, 5), 13710: (1, 0), 13724: (0, 127), 13738: (0, 127), 13752: (0, 3), 13766: (1, 1), 13780: (0, 0), 13794: (1, 0), 13808: (0, 0), 13822: (0, 2), 13836: (0, 0), 13850: (0, 0), 13864: (1, 0), 13878: (1, 3), 13892: (2, 2), 13906: (1, 0), 13920: (0, 127), 13934: (0, 0), 13948: (1, 4), 13962: (1, 0), 13976: (0, 0), 13990: (0, 127), 14004: (0, 1), 14018: (0, 1), 14032: (1, 0), 14046: (1, 127), 14060: (1, 127), 14074: (0, 4), 14088: (1, 0), 14102: (0, 0), 14116: (0, 0), 14130: (0, 127), 14144: (1, 2), 14158: (1, 0), 14172: (0, 127), 14186: (0, 127), 14200: (0, 4), 14214: (2, 1), 14228: (2, 0), 14242: (2, 0), 14256: (2, 3), 14270: (2, 2), 14284: (2, 0), 14298: (2, 0), 14312: (1, 127), 14326: (0, 3), 14340: (0, 0), 14354: (1, 127), 14368: (1, 127), 14382: (0, 4), 14396: (1, 0), 14410: (1, 127), 14424: (1, 127), 14438: (1, 1), 14452: (2, 1), 14466: (1, 127), 14480: (0, 127), 14494: (1, 1), 14508: (1, 2), 14522: (0, 0), 14536: (0, 127), 14550: (1, 127), 14564: (2, 5), 14578: (1, 127), 14592: (0, 126), 14606: (0, 126), 14620: (1, 3), 14634: (2, 0), 14648: (3, 127), 14662: (1, 126), 14676: (0, 1), 14690: (1, 0), 14704: (1, 127), 14718: (1, 126), 14732: (0, 126), 14746: (1, 2), 14760: (1, 0), 14774: (1, 127), 14788: (0, 127), 14802: (1, 127), 14816: (1, 4), 14830: (1, 0), 14844: (1, 127), 14858: (1, 127), 14872: (0, 1), 14886: (1, 1), 14900: (1, 0), 14914: (1, 127), 14928: (0, 126), 14942: (0, 4), 14956: (1, 0), 14970: (1, 127), 14984: (0, 126), 14998: (1, 2), 15012: (1, 1), 15026: (1, 1), 15040: (1, 0), 15054: (1, 0), 15068: (1, 127), 15082: (1, 127), 15096: (1, 3), 15110: (1, 0), 15124: (0, 127), 15138: (1, 0), 15152: (1, 127), 15166: (2, 3), 15180: (1, 0), 15194: (0, 127), 15208: (1, 0), 15222: (1, 3), 15236: (1, 0), 15250: (1, 0), 15264: (1, 0), 15278: (0, 127), 15292: (1, 2), 15306: (1, 0), 15320: (1, 126), 15334: (1, 127), 15348: (1, 126), 15362: (2, 2), 15376: (1, 0), 15390: (1, 127), 15404: (1, 127), 15418: (1, 3), 15432: (0, 127), 15446: (0, 126), 15460: (1, 126), 15474: (0, 1), 15488: (0, 1), 15502: (1, 0), 15516: (1, 0), 15530: (0, 0), 15544: (1, 2), 15558: (1, 0), 15572: (1, 127), 15586: (1, 127), 15600: (1, 3), 15614: (1, 127), 15628: (1, 127), 15642: (1, 126), 15656: (1, 1), 15670: (1, 0), 15684: (0, 127), 15698: (1, 127), 15712: (1, 127), 15726: (1, 2), 15740: (1, 0), 15754: (2, 0), 15768: (1, 0), 15782: (1, 2), 15796: (1, 0), 15810: (1, 0), 15824: (1, 127), 15838: (1, 0), 15852: (1, 4), 15866: (1, 0), 15880: (2, 1), 15894: (3, 0), 15908: (3, 3), 15922: (2, 1), 15936: (1, 127), 15950: (3, 127), 15964: (3, 127), 15978: (2, 3), 15992: (2, 126), 16006: (2, 127), 16020: (1, 127), 16034: (1, 3), 16048: (1, 1), 16062: (2, 0), 16076: (1, 127), 16090: (1, 1), 16104: (2, 1), 16118: (1, 127), 16132: (1, 127), 16146: (2, 127), 16160: (2, 4), 16174: (1, 0), 16188: (0, 127), 16202: (0, 127), 16216: (1, 3), 16230: (2, 0), 16244: (1, 127), 16258: (1, 126), 16272: (1, 126), 16286: (1, 2), 16300: (1, 127), 16314: (2, 127), 16328: (2, 0), 16342: (1, 4), 16356: (2, 0), 16370: (2, 127), 16384: (1, 127), 16398: (2, 0), 16412: (3, 2), 16426: (2, 0), 16440: (1, 127), 16454: (1, 127), 16468: (2, 3), 16482: (2, 127), 16496: (3, 127), 16510: (2, 127), 16524: (1, 0), 16538: (1, 2), 16552: (1, 1), 16566: (2, 127), 16580: (2, 0), 16594: (2, 4), 16608: (2, 0), 16622: (2, 1), 16636: (3, 0), 16650: (3, 0), 16664: (3, 5), 16678: (2, 127), 16692: (2, 127), 16706: (2, 127), 16720: (2, 2), 16734: (2, 2), 16748: (2, 0), 16762: (2, 0), 16776: (2, 0), 16790: (1, 3), 16804: (2, 0), 16818: (2, 127), 16832: (2, 127), 16846: (1, 4), 16860: (1, 127), 16874: (1, 127), 16888: (1, 127), 16902: (1, 3), 16916: (1, 0), 16930: (1, 127), 16944: (1, 127), 16958: (1, 0), 16972: (1, 2), 16986: (1, 127), 17000: (1, 127), 17014: (2, 127), 17028: (2, 4), 17042: (1, 127), 17056: (1, 127), 17070: (1, 127), 17084: (1, 127), 17098: (1, 3), 17112: (0, 0), 17126: (0, 127), 17140: (1, 0), 17154: (1, 0), 17168: (2, 5), 17182: (1, 0), 17196: (1, 0), 17210: (1, 0), 17224: (1, 1), 17238: (3, 2), 17252: (3, 0), 17266: (3, 0), 17280: (2, 0), 17294: (3, 5), 17308: (4, 1), 17322: (3, 0), 17336: (3, 127), 17350: (2, 2), 17364: (2, 0), 17378: (1, 127), 17392: (1, 126), 17406: (2, 127), 17420: (2, 5), 17434: (2, 0), 17448: (1, 127), 17462: (1, 127), 17476: (1, 2), 17490: (2, 0), 17504: (2, 127), 17518: (2, 127), 17532: (1, 126), 17546: (1, 2), 17560: (2, 126), 17574: (2, 126), 17588: (1, 125), 17602: (1, 3), 17616: (2, 0), 17630: (1, 127), 17644: (1, 127), 17658: (1, 3), 17672: (2, 1), 17686: (2, 1), 17700: (1, 1), 17714: (2, 0), 17728: (1, 3), 17742: (1, 0), 17756: (2, 0), 17770: (2, 0), 17784: (0, 5), 17798: (1, 1), 17812: (1, 0), 17826: (1, 0), 17840: (1, 3), 17854: (1, 1), 17868: (1, 0), 17882: (0, 0), 17896: (1, 0), 17910: (1, 3), 17924: (1, 0), 17938: (0, 127), 17952: (1, 127), 17966: (1, 4), 17980: (1, 0), 17994: (1, 0), 18008: (2, 0), 18022: (3, 5), 18036: (2, 2), 18050: (2, 1), 18064: (2, 0), 18078: (2, 127), 18092: (2, 4), 18106: (3, 1), 18120: (3, 1), 18134: (1, 127), 18148: (1, 4), 18162: (2, 1), 18176: (2, 0), 18190: (1, 127), 18204: (1, 2), 18218: (2, 1), 18232: (1, 1), 18246: (1, 0), 18260: (1, 0), 18274: (2, 4), 18288: (2, 1), 18302: (1, 0), 18316: (1, 0), 18330: (0, 4), 18344: (1, 0), 18358: (2, 127), 18372: (2, 127), 18386: (1, 0), 18400: (1, 2), 18414: (1, 0), 18428: (1, 127), 18442: (1, 127), 18456: (1, 4), 18470: (1, 0), 18484: (1, 127), 18498: (1, 127), 18512: (1, 3), 18526: (2, 0), 18540: (1, 127), 18554: (1, 127), 18568: (1, 2), 18582: (1, 0), 18596: (1, 127), 18610: (2, 0), 18624: (2, 0), 18638: (2, 3), 18652: (2, 0), 18666: (1, 0), 18680: (1, 0), 18694: (2, 4), 18708: (3, 0), 18722: (2, 126), 18736: (1, 126), 18750: (1, 2), 18764: (2, 126), 18778: (2, 126), 18792: (1, 127), 18806: (1, 127), 18820: (2, 3), 18834: (1, 127), 18848: (0, 127), 18862: (1, 127), 18876: (1, 1), 18890: (0, 0), 18904: (1, 127), 18918: (1, 127), 18932: (0, 127), 18946: (0, 3), 18960: (1, 0), 18974: (1, 127), 18988: (0, 127), 19002: (0, 126), 19016: (1, 3), 19030: (2, 1), 19044: (1, 0), 19058: (0, 127), 19072: (1, 0), 19086: (2, 3), 19100: (2, 1), 19114: (2, 1), 19128: (1, 127), 19142: (1, 0), 19156: (1, 4), 19170: (2, 1), 19184: (1, 1), 19198: (1, 1), 19212: (1, 0), 19226: (2, 5), 19240: (1, 0), 19254: (1, 1), 19268: (2, 0), 19282: (2, 2), 19296: (1, 2), 19310: (1, 0), 19324: (1, 0), 19338: (0, 0), 19352: (1, 5), 19366: (2, 1), 19380: (1, 0), 19394: (0, 0), 19408: (1, 0), 19422: (2, 6), 19436: (3, 1), 19450: (3, 0), 19464: (3, 0), 19478: (2, 4), 19492: (2, 1), 19506: (2, 1), 19520: (3, 0), 19534: (3, 127), 19548: (2, 2), 19562: (1, 0), 19576: (1, 127), 19590: (1, 127), 19604: (1, 5), 19618: (2, 0), 19632: (2, 0), 19646: (1, 127), 19660: (0, 4), 19674: (1, 0), 19688: (2, 127), 19702: (2, 127), 19716: (1, 127), 19730: (0, 3), 19744: (0, 0), 19758: (0, 127), 19772: (1, 0), 19786: (1, 4), 19800: (1, 0), 19814: (0, 127), 19828: (0, 127), 19842: (0, 4), 19856: (1, 1), 19870: (2, 0), 19884: (2, 0), 19898: (1, 3), 19912: (1, 1), 19926: (1, 0), 19940: (1, 0), 19954: (2, 2), 19968: (2, 2), 19982: (1, 1), 19996: (0, 127), 20010: (0, 0), 20024: (1, 4), 20038: (1, 0), 20052: (0, 127), 20066: (0, 127), 20080: (0, 2), 20094: (1, 0), 20108: (1, 0), 20122: (1, 127), 20136: (1, 127), 20150: (1, 3), 20164: (0, 127), 20178: (1, 127), 20192: (0, 127), 20206: (1, 3), 20220: (1, 0), 20234: (0, 0), 20248: (0, 127), 20262: (0, 3), 20276: (1, 0), 20290: (2, 0), 20304: (1, 0), 20318: (0, 3), 20332: (1, 0), 20346: (1, 0), 20360: (1, 0), 20374: (2, 5), 20388: (1, 1), 20402: (0, 1), 20416: (0, 0), 20430: (1, 4), 20444: (1, 1), 20458: (0, 0), 20472: (2, 1), 20486: (2, 2), 20500: (0, 3), 20514: (0, 0), 20528: (1, 1), 20542: (1, 1), 20556: (0, 5), 20570: (0, 1), 20584: (0, 1), 20598: (0, 0), 20612: (1, 5), 20626: (2, 2), 20640: (1, 1), 20654: (0, 0), 20668: (0, 3), 20682: (1, 2), 20696: (1, 0), 20710: (1, 0), 20724: (1, 1), 20738: (0, 3), 20752: (0, 1), 20766: (0, 0), 20780: (1, 1), 20794: (1, 5), 20808: (1, 1), 20822: (1, 1), 20836: (0, 0), 20850: (0, 5), 20864: (1, 2), 20878: (1, 1), 20892: (1, 1), 20906: (0, 4), 20920: (0, 1), 20934: (0, 0), 20948: (0, 0), 20962: (1, 1), 20976: (1, 2), 20990: (0, 0), 21004: (255, 127), 21018: (0, 0), 21032: (1, 3), 21046: (0, 0), 21060: (0, 127), 21074: (0, 127), 21088: (0, 4), 21102: (0, 0), 21116: (0, 127), 21130: (0, 127), 21144: (0, 3), 21158: (0, 1), 21172: (255, 0), 21186: (255, 0), 21200: (0, 0), 21214: (0, 3), 21228: (0, 1), 21242: (0, 1), 21256: (255, 0), 21270: (0, 4), 21284: (2, 2), 21298: (2, 1), 21312: (2, 1), 21326: (2, 2), 21340: (2, 5), 21354: (2, 2), 21368: (1, 1), 21382: (2, 0), 21396: (1, 5), 21410: (1, 1), 21424: (1, 0), 21438: (1, 0), 21452: (1, 2), 21466: (1, 1), 21480: (2, 0), 21494: (1, 0), 21508: (0, 0), 21522: (0, 4), 21536: (1, 0), 21550: (1, 0), 21564: (1, 0), 21578: (1, 4), 21592: (1, 1), 21606: (0, 0), 21620: (0, 127), 21634: (1, 4), 21648: (3, 1), 21662: (2, 0), 21676: (2, 127), 21690: (2, 1), 21704: (2, 1), 21718: (2, 1), 21732: (2, 0), 21746: (2, 2), 21760: (2, 3), 21774: (1, 1), 21788: (1, 0), 21802: (1, 1), 21816: (2, 5), 21830: (3, 1), 21844: (3, 0), 21858: (2, 127), 21872: (2, 6), 21886: (3, 1), 21900: (2, 0), 21914: (1, 0), 21928: (1, 5), 21942: (2, 1), 21956: (1, 0), 21970: (2, 0), 21984: (2, 4), 21998: (3, 127), 22012: (2, 127), 22026: (3, 0), 22040: (2, 4), 22054: (1, 0), 22068: (2, 0), 22082: (3, 0), 22096: (2, 5), 22110: (2, 1), 22124: (1, 0), 22138: (2, 0), 22152: (2, 4), 22166: (1, 127), 22180: (1, 126), 22194: (1, 127), 22208: (1, 1), 22222: (0, 126), 22236: (1, 126), 22250: (1, 0), 22264: (1, 1), 22278: (2, 127), 22292: (2, 1), 22306: (1, 3), 22320: (255, 0), 22334: (0, 127), 22348: (1, 127), 22362: (0, 0), 22376: (0, 1), 22390: (1, 0), 22404: (1, 127), 22418: (1, 1), 22432: (1, 1), 22446: (1, 127), 22460: (1, 127), 22474: (0, 2), 22488: (1, 2), 22502: (1, 0), 22516: (0, 127), 22530: (0, 1), 22544: (2, 1), 22558: (2, 1), 22572: (2, 127), 22586: (2, 0), 22600: (3, 0), 22614: (2, 126), 22628: (2, 127), 22642: (2, 0), 22656: (2, 2), 22670: (1, 0), 22684: (1, 0), 22698: (1, 0), 22712: (1, 3), 22726: (1, 0), 22740: (1, 0), 22754: (1, 0), 22768: (1, 2), 22782: (1, 127), 22796: (1, 127), 22810: (2, 0), 22824: (2, 0), 22838: (2, 126), 22852: (1, 126), 22866: (0, 127), 22880: (1, 4), 22894: (1, 127), 22908: (1, 0), 22922: (0, 127), 22936: (0, 4), 22950: (1, 0), 22964: (1, 127), 22978: (1, 127), 22992: (1, 5), 23006: (1, 1), 23020: (1, 1), 23034: (1, 1), 23048: (1, 4), 23062: (2, 2), 23076: (2, 1), 23090: (2, 0), 23104: (1, 3), 23118: (0, 1), 23132: (2, 0), 23146: (3, 1), 23160: (2, 0), 23174: (1, 2), 23188: (0, 127), 23202: (1, 0), 23216: (1, 127), 23230: (1, 3), 23244: (1, 1), 23258: (1, 1), 23272: (0, 0), 23286: (1, 1), 23300: (1, 3), 23314: (1, 1), 23328: (1, 0), 23342: (1, 0), 23356: (1, 3), 23370: (1, 0), 23384: (1, 0), 23398: (2, 0), 23412: (2, 4), 23426: (1, 127), 23440: (1, 126), 23454: (1, 126), 23468: (1, 3), 23482: (2, 0), 23496: (2, 127), 23510: (1, 127), 23524: (0, 3), 23538: (1, 127), 23552: (1, 127), 23566: (1, 127), 23580: (1, 3), 23594: (1, 127), 23608: (1, 127), 23622: (1, 127), 23636: (0, 2), 23650: (1, 1), 23664: (1, 0), 23678: (1, 127), 23692: (1, 1), 23706: (1, 2), 23720: (0, 0), 23734: (1, 0), 23748: (2, 1), 23762: (3, 3), 23776: (1, 0), 23790: (0, 127), 23804: (1, 0), 23818: (1, 5), 23832: (1, 0), 23846: (2, 1), 23860: (2, 0), 23874: (1, 5), 23888: (2, 1), 23902: (3, 0), 23916: (2, 0), 23930: (1, 4), 23944: (1, 0), 23958: (2, 0), 23972: (1, 0), 23986: (0, 2), 24000: (1, 2), 24014: (2, 1), 24028: (1, 0), 24042: (0, 4), 24056: (1, 1), 24070: (2, 1), 24084: (2, 0), 24098: (1, 3), 24112: (1, 2), 24126: (0, 0), 24140: (0, 0), 24154: (1, 1), 24168: (1, 2), 24182: (1, 0), 24196: (1, 0), 24210: (1, 0), 24224: (2, 3), 24238: (1, 127), 24252: (1, 126), 24266: (2, 127), 24280: (2, 5), 24294: (2, 1), 24308: (2, 127), 24322: (3, 0), 24336: (3, 4), 24350: (3, 0), 24364: (2, 0), 24378: (1, 127), 24392: (0, 3), 24406: (2, 1), 24420: (2, 0), 24434: (1, 0), 24448: (0, 2), 24462: (0, 1), 24476: (1, 0), 24490: (1, 0), 24504: (1, 1), 24518: (1, 2), 24532: (1, 127), 24546: (1, 126), 24560: (2, 127), 24574: (1, 3), 24588: (1, 0), 24602: (1, 127), 24616: (1, 127), 24630: (0, 4), 24644: (0, 0), 24658: (1, 0), 24672: (1, 0), 24686: (0, 5), 24700: (0, 1), 24714: (0, 0), 24728: (0, 0), 24742: (0, 5), 24756: (1, 1), 24770: (2, 0), 24784: (0, 127), 24798: (0, 3), 24812: (1, 1), 24826: (2, 0), 24840: (0, 127), 24854: (0, 0), 24868: (1, 3), 24882: (0, 0), 24896: (255, 127), 24910: (0, 127), 24924: (0, 4), 24938: (0, 0), 24952: (0, 127), 24966: (0, 127), 24980: (0, 4), 24994: (0, 0), 25008: (1, 0), 25022: (1, 0), 25036: (1, 4), 25050: (1, 1), 25064: (0, 0), 25078: (0, 0), 25092: (1, 2), 25106: (1, 2), 25120: (0, 0), 25134: (0, 0), 25148: (0, 2), 25162: (0, 3), 25176: (0, 0), 25190: (0, 1), 25204: (0, 1), 25218: (1, 6), 25232: (0, 1), 25246: (0, 0), 25260: (0, 0), 25274: (0, 5), 25288: (0, 0), 25302: (0, 0), 25316: (0, 127), 25330: (0, 2), 25344: (1, 1), 25358: (1, 0), 25372: (1, 1), 25386: (0, 0), 25400: (255, 5), 25414: (1, 2), 25428: (0, 0), 25442: (0, 0), 25456: (0, 6), 25470: (1, 2), 25484: (1, 1), 25498: (0, 1), 25512: (0, 1), 25526: (0, 2), 25540: (0, 0), 25554: (0, 0), 25568: (0, 0), 25582: (255, 4), 25596: (0, 0), 25610: (0, 127), 25624: (0, 0), 25638: (255, 4), 25652: (255, 0), 25666: (1, 0), 25680: (0, 0), 25694: (0, 1), 25708: (0, 2), 25722: (1, 127), 25736: (1, 126), 25750: (1, 127), 25764: (1, 3), 25778: (1, 0), 25792: (0, 126), 25806: (0, 126), 25820: (1, 1), 25834: (1, 1), 25848: (255, 127), 25862: (0, 127), 25876: (0, 127), 25890: (1, 4), 25904: (0, 127), 25918: (0, 126), 25932: (1, 127), 25946: (0, 3), 25960: (0, 127), 25974: (1, 126), 25988: (1, 127), 26002: (1, 0), 26016: (1, 1), 26030: (1, 127), 26044: (0, 126), 26058: (255, 126), 26072: (0, 3), 26086: (0, 0), 26100: (0, 0), 26114: (1, 0), 26128: (0, 5), 26142: (0, 0), 26156: (0, 0), 26170: (1, 1), 26184: (1, 3), 26198: (0, 2), 26212: (0, 1), 26226: (1, 1), 26240: (1, 1), 26254: (0, 4), 26268: (1, 1), 26282: (1, 0), 26296: (1, 1), 26310: (0, 5), 26324: (0, 1), 26338: (0, 1), 26352: (1, 0), 26366: (1, 4), 26380: (1, 0), 26394: (255, 126), 26408: (0, 126), 26422: (1, 0), 26436: (1, 1), 26450: (0, 126), 26464: (0, 126), 26478: (0, 127), 26492: (0, 3), 26506: (255, 127), 26520: (0, 127), 26534: (0, 127), 26548: (0, 4), 26562: (255, 0), 26576: (255, 127), 26590: (255, 127), 26604: (0, 0), 26618: (0, 3), 26632: (0, 0), 26646: (255, 127), 26660: (255, 127), 26674: (0, 127), 26688: (2, 3), 26702: (1, 1), 26716: (1, 0), 26730: (2, 0), 26744: (2, 1), 26758: (1, 4), 26772: (2, 2), 26786: (2, 1), 26800: (1, 0), 26814: (0, 127), 26828: (0, 4), 26842: (0, 127), 26856: (0, 127), 26870: (1, 127), 26884: (1, 127), 26898: (0, 4), 26912: (0, 126), 26926: (0, 127), 26940: (1, 0), 26954: (1, 2), 26968: (1, 1), 26982: (1, 0), 26996: (0, 127), 27010: (0, 0), 27024: (1, 5), 27038: (1, 0), 27052: (0, 0), 27066: (255, 127), 27080: (0, 5), 27094: (0, 1), 27108: (0, 0), 27122: (0, 127), 27136: (0, 4), 27150: (0, 1), 27164: (255, 0), 27178: (0, 0), 27192: (0, 3), 27206: (0, 1), 27220: (0, 127), 27234: (0, 127), 27248: (0, 2), 27262: (255, 1), 27276: (0, 0), 27290: (0, 0), 27304: (0, 1), 27318: (255, 2), 27332: (255, 127), 27346: (0, 0), 27360: (0, 0), 27374: (0, 5), 27388: (0, 1), 27402: (0, 1), 27416: (255, 0), 27430: (0, 5), 27444: (1, 2), 27458: (0, 1), 27472: (0, 1), 27486: (0, 1), 27500: (1, 3), 27514: (0, 2), 27528: (0, 1), 27542: (1, 1), 27556: (1, 1), 27570: (255, 5), 27584: (255, 1), 27598: (0, 0), 27612: (1, 1), 27626: (2, 0), 27640: (1, 3), 27654: (0, 127), 27668: (255, 127), 27682: (0, 1), 27696: (2, 6), 27710: (3, 2), 27724: (2, 1), 27738: (1, 1), 27752: (2, 4), 27766: (2, 5), 27780: (1, 2), 27794: (1, 1), 27808: (1, 2), 27822: (1, 4), 27836: (0, 2), 27850: (0, 1), 27864: (1, 1), 27878: (1, 5), 27892: (1, 1), 27906: (1, 1), 27920: (0, 0), 27934: (0, 5), 27948: (1, 1), 27962: (1, 1), 27976: (0, 0), 27990: (0, 5), 28004: (0, 1), 28018: (0, 0), 28032: (0, 127), 28046: (1, 1), 28060: (1, 2), 28074: (1, 1), 28088: (1, 0), 28102: (0, 1), 28116: (0, 4), 28130: (1, 1), 28144: (1, 1), 28158: (1, 0), 28172: (0, 0), 28186: (0, 2), 28200: (1, 0), 28214: (1, 127), 28228: (1, 127), 28242: (0, 4), 28256: (0, 127), 28270: (255, 126), 28284: (0, 126), 28298: (1, 3), 28312: (1, 0), 28326: (0, 0), 28340: (0, 0), 28354: (1, 2), 28368: (1, 0), 28382: (1, 127), 28396: (1, 127), 28410: (2, 2), 28424: (1, 1), 28438: (0, 127), 28452: (0, 127), 28466: (0, 127), 28480: (1, 2), 28494: (1, 127), 28508: (0, 127), 28522: (255, 127), 28536: (255, 4), 28550: (1, 0), 28564: (1, 127), 28578: (0, 127), 28592: (255, 4), 28606: (255, 0), 28620: (0, 0), 28634: (0, 0), 28648: (0, 4), 28662: (0, 0), 28676: (255, 127), 28690: (255, 127), 28704: (0, 4), 28718: (0, 0), 28732: (255, 127), 28746: (0, 0), 28760: (0, 3), 28774: (255, 1), 28788: (254, 0), 28802: (0, 0), 28816: (0, 0), 28830: (0, 3), 28844: (0, 0), 28858: (255, 127), 28872: (255, 127), 28886: (0, 4), 28900: (0, 0), 28914: (0, 127), 28928: (255, 127), 28942: (255, 127), 28956: (0, 4), 28970: (255, 0), 28984: (255, 127), 28998: (0, 127), 29012: (0, 127), 29026: (0, 3), 29040: (255, 0), 29054: (0, 2), 29068: (0, 1), 29082: (0, 1), 29096: (0, 1), 29110: (0, 4), 29124: (255, 1), 29138: (0, 1), 29152: (0, 0), 29166: (0, 0), 29180: (255, 5), 29194: (0, 1), 29208: (1, 2), 29222: (0, 0), 29236: (255, 0), 29250: (0, 5), 29264: (0, 1), 29278: (0, 0), 29292: (0, 0), 29306: (1, 1), 29320: (0, 5), 29334: (0, 0), 29348: (1, 0), 29362: (1, 0), 29376: (1, 0), 29390: (255, 4), 29404: (1, 2), 29418: (1, 1), 29432: (0, 0), 29446: (0, 4), 29460: (1, 2), 29474: (0, 1), 29488: (0, 1), 29502: (0, 1), 29516: (0, 4), 29530: (0, 1), 29544: (0, 1), 29558: (1, 1), 29572: (1, 5), 29586: (0, 2), 29600: (0, 0), 29614: (1, 0), 29628: (1, 1), 29642: (0, 3), 29656: (0, 0), 29670: (1, 0), 29684: (1, 0), 29698: (0, 4), 29712: (1, 0), 29726: (2, 0), 29740: (2, 0), 29754: (2, 4), 29768: (2, 1), 29782: (1, 1), 29796: (1, 0), 29810: (2, 4), 29824: (3, 1), 29838: (1, 0), 29852: (0, 0), 29866: (0, 4), 29880: (1, 2), 29894: (1, 1), 29908: (1, 1), 29922: (1, 3), 29936: (1, 0), 29950: (0, 0), 29964: (1, 0), 29978: (1, 3), 29992: (1, 0), 30006: (1, 127), 30020: (1, 127), 30034: (1, 3), 30048: (1, 127), 30062: (2, 126), 30076: (1, 127), 30090: (0, 4), 30104: (0, 0), 30118: (0, 127), 30132: (0, 127), 30146: (1, 4), 30160: (1, 0), 30174: (1, 127), 30188: (255, 126), 30202: (255, 3), 30216: (0, 0), 30230: (1, 127), 30244: (0, 127), 30258: (0, 3), 30272: (0, 0), 30286: (1, 0), 30300: (0, 0), 30314: (1, 5), 30328: (1, 1), 30342: (1, 0), 30356: (0, 127), 30370: (1, 5), 30384: (0, 1), 30398: (0, 0), 30412: (1, 1), 30426: (1, 6), 30440: (0, 1), 30454: (0, 0), 30468: (1, 1), 30482: (1, 6), 30496: (0, 1), 30510: (1, 127), 30524: (1, 127), 30538: (1, 2), 30552: (1, 0), 30566: (1, 0), 30580: (1, 0), 30594: (0, 2), 30608: (0, 1), 30622: (1, 1), 30636: (0, 0), 30650: (255, 127), 30664: (0, 4), 30678: (0, 0), 30692: (0, 0), 30706: (255, 127), 30720: (0, 3), 30734: (1, 1), 30748: (0, 0), 30762: (0, 0), 30776: (1, 0), 30790: (0, 4), 30804: (0, 0), 30818: (1, 0), 30832: (1, 0), 30846: (0, 2), 30860: (0, 2), 30874: (0, 1), 30888: (1, 1), 30902: (1, 2), 30916: (1, 6), 30930: (0, 2), 30944: (0, 2), 30958: (0, 1), 30972: (0, 6), 30986: (0, 1), 31000: (0, 1), 31014: (0, 0), 31028: (0, 3), 31042: (0, 1), 31056: (255, 0), 31070: (1, 0), 31084: (1, 0), 31098: (1, 4), 31112: (0, 0), 31126: (255, 0), 31140: (0, 1), 31154: (1, 5), 31168: (1, 1), 31182: (1, 0), 31196: (0, 0), 31210: (0, 5), 31224: (0, 0), 31238: (1, 1), 31252: (0, 0), 31266: (0, 4), 31280: (1, 2), 31294: (0, 1), 31308: (0, 0), 31322: (0, 4), 31336: (1, 2), 31350: (1, 2), 31364: (0, 1), 31378: (255, 2), 31392: (0, 2), 31406: (1, 1), 31420: (1, 0), 31434: (1, 2), 31448: (0, 1), 31462: (0, 0), 31476: (0, 0), 31490: (0, 2), 31504: (1, 2), 31518: (0, 0), 31532: (0, 0), 31546: (0, 0), 31560: (0, 3), 31574: (0, 0), 31588: (0, 0), 31602: (0, 127), 31616: (0, 4), 31630: (0, 0), 31644: (255, 127), 31658: (255, 127), 31672: (0, 5), 31686: (0, 0), 31700: (0, 0), 31714: (0, 0), 31728: (0, 6), 31742: (0, 1), 31756: (1, 1), 31770: (0, 0), 31784: (0, 5), 31798: (0, 1), 31812: (0, 1), 31826: (0, 0), 31840: (1, 3), 31854: (0, 2), 31868: (255, 1), 31882: (1, 1), 31896: (0, 1), 31910: (255, 3), 31924: (255, 1), 31938: (0, 1), 31952: (0, 1), 31966: (0, 6), 31980: (0, 1), 31994: (1, 2), 32008: (1, 1), 32022: (0, 5), 32036: (1, 2), 32050: (1, 1), 32064: (0, 0), 32078: (0, 2), 32092: (1, 2), 32106: (1, 1), 32120: (0, 1), 32134: (0, 1), 32148: (0, 5), 32162: (0, 2), 32176: (0, 1), 32190: (0, 1), 32204: (0, 6), 32218: (0, 1), 32232: (0, 0), 32246: (255, 0), 32260: (255, 3), 32274: (0, 1), 32288: (0, 0), 32302: (0, 0), 32316: (0, 2), 32330: (0, 2), 32344: (0, 1), 32358: (0, 0), 32372: (0, 0), 32386: (255, 3), 32400: (255, 0), 32414: (0, 0), 32428: (255, 0), 32442: (0, 4), 32456: (0, 1), 32470: (0, 0), 32484: (0, 1), 32498: (1, 1), 32512: (1, 2), 32526: (0, 1), 32540: (0, 1), 32554: (0, 0), 32568: (0, 5), 32582: (0, 1), 32596: (0, 0), 32610: (0, 1), 32624: (0, 0), 32638: (0, 6), 32652: (0, 1), 32666: (0, 1), 32680: (255, 0), 32694: (0, 6), 32708: (0, 2), 32722: (255, 1), 32736: (0, 1), 32750: (1, 1), 32764: (0, 6), 32778: (0, 2), 32792: (0, 1), 32806: (0, 1), 32820: (255, 3), 32834: (0, 2), 32848: (1, 2), 32862: (1, 1), 32876: (0, 1), 32890: (1, 5), 32904: (3, 2), 32918: (2, 2), 32932: (1, 1), 32946: (2, 5), 32960: (3, 3), 32974: (2, 1), 32988: (1, 0), 33002: (2, 4), 33016: (2, 1), 33030: (1, 1), 33044: (1, 1), 33058: (2, 4), 33072: (1, 2), 33086: (0, 0), 33100: (1, 0), 33114: (1, 3), 33128: (0, 2), 33142: (0, 0), 33156: (1, 1), 33170: (1, 1), 33184: (0, 5), 33198: (0, 1), 33212: (1, 1), 33226: (0, 0), 33240: (0, 4), 33254: (1, 0), 33268: (1, 0), 33282: (0, 127), 33296: (0, 3), 33310: (0, 0), 33324: (0, 127), 33338: (0, 127), 33352: (0, 3), 33366: (1, 0), 33380: (0, 127), 33394: (255, 127), 33408: (0, 4), 33422: (1, 0), 33436: (0, 0), 33450: (0, 127), 33464: (1, 5), 33478: (1, 0), 33492: (1, 127), 33506: (2, 127), 33520: (1, 5), 33534: (1, 1), 33548: (1, 2), 33562: (1, 1), 33576: (0, 4), 33590: (0, 1), 33604: (1, 1), 33618: (2, 1), 33632: (2, 5), 33646: (1, 0), 33660: (1, 0), 33674: (1, 1), 33688: (1, 4), 33702: (1, 1), 33716: (1, 1), 33730: (1, 0), 33744: (1, 3), 33758: (1, 1), 33772: (3, 0), 33786: (2, 0), 33800: (1, 2), 33814: (2, 2), 33828: (2, 1), 33842: (1, 0), 33856: (1, 2), 33870: (2, 2), 33884: (1, 1), 33898: (1, 0), 33912: (1, 0), 33926: (1, 2), 33940: (0, 127), 33954: (1, 127), 33968: (1, 127), 33982: (0, 5), 33996: (255, 127), 34010: (0, 127), 34024: (1, 0), 34038: (0, 5), 34052: (0, 1), 34066: (255, 0), 34080: (0, 0), 34094: (0, 4), 34108: (1, 1), 34122: (2, 127), 34136: (1, 127), 34150: (1, 5), 34164: (2, 1), 34178: (2, 1), 34192: (0, 0), 34206: (0, 5), 34220: (1, 2), 34234: (1, 1), 34248: (0, 0), 34262: (255, 3), 34276: (1, 1), 34290: (1, 0), 34304: (1, 127), 34318: (1, 0), 34332: (0, 1), 34346: (1, 126), 34360: (1, 125), 34374: (3, 125), 34388: (2, 127), 34402: (0, 125), 34416: (0, 125), 34430: (1, 127), 34444: (1, 2), 34458: (1, 0), 34472: (1, 0), 34486: (1, 0), 34500: (1, 4), 34514: (0, 0), 34528: (0, 0), 34542: (1, 0), 34556: (1, 6), 34570: (1, 2), 34584: (0, 0), 34598: (0, 1), 34612: (0, 5), 34626: (1, 3), 34640: (1, 1), 34654: (0, 0), 34668: (0, 3), 34682: (1, 2), 34696: (1, 2), 34710: (1, 1), 34724: (1, 3), 34738: (1, 2), 34752: (1, 1), 34766: (0, 0), 34780: (0, 1), 34794: (1, 2), 34808: (1, 0), 34822: (1, 0), 34836: (0, 2), 34850: (0, 2), 34864: (0, 0), 34878: (1, 0), 34892: (1, 1), 34906: (1, 2), 34920: (0, 127), 34934: (0, 127), 34948: (1, 2), 34962: (1, 1), 34976: (0, 0), 34990: (255, 127), 35004: (255, 3), 35018: (255, 1), 35032: (0, 0), 35046: (0, 0), 35060: (0, 3), 35074: (255, 1), 35088: (255, 1), 35102: (255, 0), 35116: (0, 3), 35130: (0, 2), 35144: (0, 0), 35158: (0, 0), 35172: (0, 1), 35186: (0, 2), 35200: (0, 1), 35214: (0, 0), 35228: (1, 1), 35242: (1, 4), 35256: (255, 0), 35270: (255, 0), 35284: (0, 1), 35298: (1, 4), 35312: (0, 1), 35326: (0, 0), 35340: (1, 1), 35354: (1, 5), 35368: (1, 1), 35382: (2, 0), 35396: (2, 0), 35410: (2, 5), 35424: (2, 1), 35438: (1, 1), 35452: (1, 1), 35466: (0, 5), 35480: (1, 2), 35494: (1, 1), 35508: (0, 1), 35522: (254, 5), 35536: (255, 1), 35550: (1, 2), 35564: (1, 2), 35578: (0, 5), 35592: (0, 2), 35606: (0, 2), 35620: (0, 1), 35634: (0, 4), 35648: (1, 3), 35662: (1, 2), 35676: (0, 1), 35690: (0, 3), 35704: (0, 3), 35718: (1, 1), 35732: (1, 1), 35746: (0, 1), 35760: (0, 4), 35774: (0, 1), 35788: (0, 0), 35802: (0, 0), 35816: (0, 4), 35830: (0, 0), 35844: (0, 0), 35858: (0, 0), 35872: (255, 3), 35886: (1, 2), 35900: (1, 2), 35914: (1, 1), 35928: (0, 5), 35942: (255, 0), 35956: (0, 0), 35970: (0, 0), 35984: (255, 2), 35998: (255, 1), 36012: (255, 0), 36026: (255, 0), 36040: (0, 0), 36054: (0, 3), 36068: (0, 0), 36082: (255, 0), 36096: (0, 1), 36110: (0, 4), 36124: (0, 2), 36138: (0, 0), 36152: (1, 2), 36166: (0, 1), 36180: (255, 4), 36194: (0, 1), 36208: (0, 1), 36222: (0, 1), 36236: (0, 4), 36250: (1, 0), 36264: (1, 126), 36278: (0, 126), 36292: (0, 127), 36306: (1, 3), 36320: (1, 0), 36334: (0, 127), 36348: (0, 127), 36362: (1, 4), 36376: (1, 1), 36390: (0, 0), 36404: (0, 127), 36418: (1, 3), 36432: (0, 1), 36446: (0, 0), 36460: (1, 127), 36474: (0, 126), 36488: (0, 4), 36502: (0, 0), 36516: (1, 0), 36530: (1, 1), 36544: (0, 4), 36558: (0, 1), 36572: (0, 0), 36586: (254, 127), 36600: (254, 0), 36614: (0, 2), 36628: (0, 0), 36642: (0, 0), 36656: (255, 0), 36670: (255, 4), 36684: (0, 1), 36698: (0, 1), 36712: (1, 0), 36726: (1, 2), 36740: (0, 2), 36754: (0, 1), 36768: (1, 1), 36782: (1, 0), 36796: (0, 5), 36810: (0, 1), 36824: (1, 1), 36838: (1, 1), 36852: (255, 4), 36866: (0, 1), 36880: (1, 0), 36894: (0, 127), 36908: (0, 1), 36922: (0, 0), 36936: (255, 127), 36950: (0, 0), 36964: (0, 127), 36978: (1, 4), 36992: (1, 0), 37006: (0, 127), 37020: (1, 0), 37034: (2, 2), 37048: (1, 2), 37062: (1, 0), 37076: (1, 0), 37090: (1, 0), 37104: (0, 3), 37118: (0, 0), 37132: (0, 127), 37146: (1, 0), 37160: (1, 5), 37174: (2, 2), 37188: (1, 1), 37202: (0, 1), 37216: (0, 4), 37230: (1, 1), 37244: (2, 0), 37258: (0, 127), 37272: (0, 2), 37286: (0, 0), 37300: (0, 127), 37314: (0, 127), 37328: (0, 0), 37342: (0, 2), 37356: (0, 0), 37370: (255, 127), 37384: (0, 127), 37398: (0, 2), 37412: (255, 127), 37426: (0, 0), 37440: (1, 2), 37454: (0, 3), 37468: (255, 0), 37482: (0, 0), 37496: (0, 0), 37510: (0, 6), 37524: (255, 1), 37538: (0, 1), 37552: (0, 1), 37566: (0, 6), 37580: (0, 1), 37594: (1, 1), 37608: (0, 1), 37622: (0, 6), 37636: (0, 2), 37650: (0, 1), 37664: (0, 2), 37678: (0, 6), 37692: (1, 2), 37706: (0, 1), 37720: (255, 0), 37734: (0, 5), 37748: (1, 2), 37762: (0, 1), 37776: (255, 1), 37790: (0, 5), 37804: (0, 2), 37818: (0, 1), 37832: (1, 1), 37846: (1, 5), 37860: (0, 3), 37874: (255, 1), 37888: (1, 2), 37902: (1, 3), 37916: (1, 3), 37930: (0, 1), 37944: (1, 1), 37958: (1, 1), 37972: (1, 3), 37986: (0, 2), 38000: (0, 1), 38014: (0, 1), 38028: (0, 0), 38042: (0, 0), 38056: (0, 3), 38070: (0, 127), 38084: (1, 126), 38098: (2, 126), 38112: (2, 0), 38126: (0, 126), 38140: (1, 124), 38154: (2, 124), 38168: (1, 124), 38182: (0, 1), 38196: (0, 127), 38210: (0, 127), 38224: (0, 126), 38238: (0, 3), 38252: (1, 0), 38266: (1, 127), 38280: (0, 127), 38294: (1, 5), 38308: (1, 0), 38322: (0, 127), 38336: (0, 127), 38350: (1, 2), 38364: (1, 0), 38378: (0, 126), 38392: (0, 125), 38406: (0, 126), 38420: (1, 126), 38434: (1, 126), 38448: (0, 126), 38462: (255, 125), 38476: (0, 1), 38490: (1, 127), 38504: (1, 127), 38518: (1, 0), 38532: (0, 4), 38546: (1, 1), 38560: (1, 0), 38574: (0, 127), 38588: (0, 1), 38602: (1, 2), 38616: (1, 0), 38630: (0, 0), 38644: (0, 0), 38658: (0, 4), 38672: (0, 1), 38686: (0, 1), 38700: (1, 1), 38714: (0, 5), 38728: (0, 0), 38742: (1, 127), 38756: (2, 126), 38770: (3, 0), 38784: (3, 125), 38798: (2, 124), 38812: (2, 125), 38826: (2, 127), 38840: (2, 0), 38854: (2, 127), 38868: (1, 127), 38882: (0, 127), 38896: (1, 3), 38910: (1, 0), 38924: (1, 0), 38938: (0, 127), 38952: (0, 4), 38966: (1, 0), 38980: (0, 127), 38994: (255, 127), 39008: (0, 3), 39022: (1, 1), 39036: (0, 0), 39050: (0, 0), 39064: (0, 3), 39078: (0, 2), 39092: (255, 0), 39106: (0, 1), 39120: (1, 3), 39134: (255, 2), 39148: (0, 1), 39162: (0, 0), 39176: (0, 1), 39190: (255, 4), 39204: (0, 1), 39218: (0, 1), 39232: (0, 1), 39246: (0, 5), 39260: (0, 1), 39274: (1, 1), 39288: (1, 1), 39302: (0, 4), 39316: (0, 1), 39330: (0, 1), 39344: (0, 0), 39358: (0, 4), 39372: (1, 3), 39386: (0, 2), 39400: (255, 1), 39414: (0, 2), 39428: (1, 3), 39442: (0, 1), 39456: (0, 0), 39470: (0, 1), 39484: (0, 4), 39498: (255, 1), 39512: (0, 1), 39526: (0, 0), 39540: (0, 4), 39554: (0, 0), 39568: (0, 0), 39582: (0, 1), 39596: (255, 6), 39610: (0, 2), 39624: (0, 2), 39638: (0, 1), 39652: (255, 5), 39666: (255, 2), 39680: (0, 1), 39694: (0, 1), 39708: (0, 4), 39722: (0, 3), 39736: (0, 1), 39750: (0, 1), 39764: (1, 4), 39778: (1, 3), 39792: (0, 2), 39806: (255, 1), 39820: (0, 1), 39834: (1, 5), 39848: (0, 0), 39862: (255, 0), 39876: (0, 0), 39890: (0, 4), 39904: (0, 1), 39918: (1, 0), 39932: (1, 0), 39946: (1, 5), 39960: (0, 1), 39974: (255, 0), 39988: (0, 0), 40002: (255, 5), 40016: (0, 2), 40030: (1, 1), 40044: (0, 0), 40058: (254, 4), 40072: (255, 1), 40086: (0, 1), 40100: (0, 0), 40114: (255, 0), 40128: (255, 5), 40142: (255, 1), 40156: (255, 0), 40170: (255, 0), 40184: (255, 0), 40198: (255, 5), 40212: (255, 2), 40226: (0, 2), 40240: (0, 1), 40254: (255, 1), 40268: (0, 6), 40282: (0, 2), 40296: (0, 2), 40310: (255, 1), 40324: (255, 1), 40338: (0, 5), 40352: (1, 2), 40366: (0, 1), 40380: (0, 2), 40394: (0, 1), 40408: (0, 4), 40422: (0, 1), 40436: (1, 1), 40450: (0, 0), 40464: (0, 0), 40478: (255, 4), 40492: (0, 1), 40506: (1, 0), 40520: (0, 127), 40534: (0, 0), 40548: (1, 1), 40562: (0, 127), 40576: (0, 127), 40590: (0, 127), 40604: (1, 3), 40618: (1, 0), 40632: (0, 127), 40646: (0, 127), 40660: (0, 127), 40674: (0, 3), 40688: (1, 1), 40702: (1, 0), 40716: (0, 127), 40730: (255, 2), 40744: (0, 1), 40758: (1, 0), 40772: (0, 127), 40786: (0, 127), 40800: (0, 2), 40814: (1, 126), 40828: (1, 125), 40842: (255, 126), 40856: (0, 3), 40870: (0, 0), 40884: (1, 0), 40898: (0, 126), 40912: (0, 0), 40926: (0, 2), 40940: (0, 127), 40954: (1, 127), 40968: (1, 127), 40982: (0, 4), 40996: (255, 0), 41010: (255, 127), 41024: (0, 0), 41038: (0, 0), 41052: (0, 3), 41066: (255, 0), 41080: (255, 127), 41094: (0, 0), 41108: (1, 5), 41122: (1, 1), 41136: (0, 1), 41150: (0, 1), 41164: (0, 4), 41178: (0, 2), 41192: (255, 1), 41206: (0, 2), 41220: (0, 2), 41234: (0, 5), 41248: (0, 1), 41262: (0, 0), 41276: (0, 127), 41290: (0, 2), 41304: (1, 1), 41318: (0, 0), 41332: (255, 0), 41346: (255, 1), 41360: (0, 3), 41374: (0, 1), 41388: (255, 1), 41402: (255, 0), 41416: (0, 6), 41430: (255, 1), 41444: (255, 1), 41458: (0, 1), 41472: (0, 4), 41486: (255, 1), 41500: (255, 1), 41514: (1, 2), 41528: (0, 2), 41542: (0, 2), 41556: (0, 1), 41570: (1, 0), 41584: (255, 127), 41598: (254, 4), 41612: (0, 1), 41626: (0, 1), 41640: (255, 0), 41654: (255, 4), 41668: (0, 1), 41682: (0, 1), 41696: (0, 0), 41710: (1, 0), 41724: (1, 3), 41738: (0, 0), 41752: (0, 126), 41766: (0, 126), 41780: (0, 2), 41794: (0, 0), 41808: (0, 127), 41822: (0, 127), 41836: (0, 0), 41850: (255, 4), 41864: (255, 1), 41878: (0, 1), 41892: (0, 1), 41906: (255, 4), 41920: (0, 1), 41934: (255, 0), 41948: (255, 0), 41962: (0, 0), 41976: (0, 5), 41990: (255, 1), 42004: (254, 0), 42018: (255, 0), 42032: (0, 4), 42046: (0, 2), 42060: (255, 0), 42074: (255, 0), 42088: (255, 0), 42102: (254, 4), 42116: (255, 1), 42130: (255, 1), 42144: (255, 0), 42158: (255, 4), 42172: (255, 1), 42186: (255, 0), 42200: (255, 1), 42214: (0, 1), 42228: (0, 5), 42242: (0, 2), 42256: (0, 1), 42270: (255, 0), 42284: (0, 3), 42298: (1, 3), 42312: (0, 1), 42326: (255, 1), 42340: (255, 1), 42354: (255, 5), 42368: (0, 2), 42382: (0, 1), 42396: (0, 0), 42410: (0, 127), 42424: (0, 5), 42438: (0, 2), 42452: (255, 1), 42466: (255, 1), 42480: (0, 4), 42494: (0, 3), 42508: (0, 2), 42522: (255, 1), 42536: (0, 1), 42550: (0, 5), 42564: (0, 2), 42578: (0, 2), 42592: (255, 1), 42606: (255, 7), 42620: (255, 3), 42634: (0, 2), 42648: (0, 1), 42662: (0, 2), 42676: (1, 4), 42690: (2, 0), 42704: (1, 0), 42718: (1, 0), 42732: (1, 4), 42746: (2, 1), 42760: (1, 0), 42774: (1, 0), 42788: (1, 2), 42802: (2, 2), 42816: (0, 0), 42830: (0, 0), 42844: (1, 1), 42858: (255, 4), 42872: (255, 0), 42886: (0, 0), 42900: (1, 0), 42914: (0, 0), 42928: (0, 1), 42942: (0, 0), 42956: (0, 127), 42970: (1, 126), 42984: (1, 2), 42998: (2, 126), 43012: (2, 126), 43026: (1, 125), 43040: (2, 126), 43054: (1, 2), 43068: (0, 0), 43082: (0, 0), 43096: (1, 0), 43110: (0, 4), 43124: (255, 0), 43138: (0, 0), 43152: (1, 1), 43166: (0, 5), 43180: (0, 1), 43194: (0, 0), 43208: (0, 0), 43222: (255, 4), 43236: (1, 1), 43250: (1, 0), 43264: (0, 127), 43278: (255, 3), 43292: (1, 1), 43306: (1, 1), 43320: (0, 0), 43334: (255, 3), 43348: (0, 1), 43362: (0, 0), 43376: (0, 0), 43390: (255, 2), 43404: (0, 1), 43418: (0, 0), 43432: (0, 0), 43446: (0, 2), 43460: (0, 2), 43474: (255, 0), 43488: (0, 0), 43502: (1, 2), 43516: (0, 3), 43530: (0, 0), 43544: (1, 1), 43558: (2, 0), 43572: (0, 5), 43586: (255, 0), 43600: (0, 0), 43614: (0, 0), 43628: (255, 5), 43642: (0, 1), 43656: (0, 0), 43670: (255, 0), 43684: (255, 4), 43698: (255, 1), 43712: (0, 0), 43726: (255, 0), 43740: (255, 3), 43754: (255, 2), 43768: (255, 0), 43782: (255, 0), 43796: (254, 127), 43810: (255, 4), 43824: (255, 0), 43838: (255, 127), 43852: (254, 127), 43866: (255, 2), 43880: (255, 3), 43894: (0, 2), 43908: (0, 2), 43922: (255, 1), 43936: (255, 5), 43950: (255, 2), 43964: (0, 2), 43978: (1, 2), 43992: (0, 1), 44006: (255, 5), 44020: (255, 2), 44034: (255, 2), 44048: (255, 1), 44062: (0, 2), 44076: (0, 6), 44090: (255, 3), 44104: (255, 2), 44118: (0, 1), 44132: (0, 4), 44146: (0, 2), 44160: (0, 1), 44174: (0, 1), 44188: (255, 0), 44202: (255, 6), 44216: (0, 3), 44230: (0, 2), 44244: (0, 1), 44258: (255, 4), 44272: (0, 3), 44286: (255, 1), 44300: (255, 2), 44314: (255, 2), 44328: (0, 4), 44342: (255, 1), 44356: (255, 1), 44370: (255, 0), 44384: (255, 4), 44398: (255, 1), 44412: (0, 0), 44426: (0, 0), 44440: (255, 4), 44454: (254, 0), 44468: (255, 127), 44482: (0, 126), 44496: (0, 4), 44510: (0, 0), 44524: (255, 0), 44538: (254, 0), 44552: (255, 5), 44566: (255, 1), 44580: (255, 0), 44594: (255, 0), 44608: (255, 4), 44622: (255, 1), 44636: (255, 0), 44650: (255, 0), 44664: (255, 3), 44678: (0, 2), 44692: (0, 2), 44706: (255, 1), 44720: (254, 1), 44734: (255, 6), 44748: (0, 2), 44762: (0, 2), 44776: (0, 1), 44790: (255, 2), 44804: (255, 3), 44818: (255, 1), 44832: (0, 1), 44846: (0, 2), 44860: (255, 6), 44874: (255, 2), 44888: (0, 2), 44902: (0, 2), 44916: (0, 3), 44930: (0, 3), 44944: (0, 3), 44958: (255, 1), 44972: (0, 1), 44986: (255, 4), 45000: (0, 3), 45014: (0, 2), 45028: (0, 2), 45042: (0, 2), 45056: (0, 5), 45070: (1, 3), 45084: (2, 2), 45098: (2, 2), 45112: (1, 6), 45126: (2, 3), 45140: (2, 1), 45154: (2, 2), 45168: (2, 4), 45182: (2, 2), 45196: (1, 1), 45210: (255, 1), 45224: (0, 2), 45238: (0, 4), 45252: (0, 2), 45266: (0, 1), 45280: (0, 1), 45294: (0, 6), 45308: (0, 1), 45322: (0, 0), 45336: (1, 0), 45350: (1, 4), 45364: (0, 127), 45378: (0, 127), 45392: (0, 0), 45406: (0, 3), 45420: (0, 1), 45434: (0, 0), 45448: (0, 0), 45462: (254, 2), 45476: (255, 1), 45490: (0, 0), 45504: (0, 0), 45518: (255, 0), 45532: (255, 2), 45546: (0, 0), 45560: (0, 0), 45574: (0, 1), 45588: (1, 4), 45602: (2, 3), 45616: (2, 2), 45630: (2, 2), 45644: (1, 2), 45658: (0, 3), 45672: (0, 1), 45686: (1, 1), 45700: (1, 0), 45714: (255, 4), 45728: (255, 0), 45742: (0, 0), 45756: (1, 0), 45770: (0, 5), 45784: (0, 1), 45798: (0, 1), 45812: (0, 1), 45826: (0, 5), 45840: (1, 2), 45854: (0, 1), 45868: (0, 0), 45882: (255, 4), 45896: (0, 1), 45910: (0, 0), 45924: (0, 1), 45938: (0, 3), 45952: (0, 2), 45966: (0, 1), 45980: (254, 1), 45994: (255, 1), 46008: (0, 4), 46022: (0, 2), 46036: (0, 1), 46050: (255, 0), 46064: (255, 5), 46078: (255, 0), 46092: (0, 0), 46106: (1, 0), 46120: (0, 1), 46134: (255, 1), 46148: (255, 1), 46162: (0, 0), 46176: (0, 0), 46190: (0, 2), 46204: (0, 0), 46218: (0, 0), 46232: (255, 0), 46246: (255, 4), 46260: (0, 0), 46274: (255, 0), 46288: (255, 0), 46302: (0, 4), 46316: (1, 2), 46330: (1, 1), 46344: (1, 0), 46358: (2, 0), 46372: (1, 5), 46386: (1, 2), 46400: (1, 1), 46414: (1, 1), 46428: (0, 3), 46442: (0, 2), 46456: (0, 1), 46470: (0, 1), 46484: (0, 1), 46498: (0, 0), 46512: (0, 5), 46526: (0, 1), 46540: (0, 1), 46554: (0, 1), 46568: (0, 3), 46582: (0, 3), 46596: (255, 1), 46610: (0, 1), 46624: (1, 1), 46638: (0, 4), 46652: (0, 0), 46666: (0, 0), 46680: (0, 0), 46694: (0, 2), 46708: (1, 1), 46722: (0, 127), 46736: (0, 127), 46750: (0, 0), 46764: (1, 5), 46778: (1, 2), 46792: (255, 1), 46806: (0, 0), 46820: (0, 5), 46834: (0, 3), 46848: (0, 1), 46862: (0, 1), 46876: (1, 3), 46890: (0, 3), 46904: (255, 1), 46918: (255, 1), 46932: (0, 1), 46946: (0, 5), 46960: (0, 1), 46974: (0, 0), 46988: (0, 0), 47002: (255, 5), 47016: (0, 2), 47030: (0, 1), 47044: (255, 0), 47058: (255, 5), 47072: (0, 1), 47086: (0, 0), 47100: (0, 0), 47114: (0, 4), 47128: (0, 1), 47142: (0, 1), 47156: (0, 0), 47170: (1, 4), 47184: (2, 0), 47198: (1, 126), 47212: (1, 126), 47226: (1, 127), 47240: (1, 126), 47254: (1, 126), 47268: (1, 126), 47282: (1, 1), 47296: (0, 1), 47310: (255, 0), 47324: (0, 0), 47338: (0, 0), 47352: (0, 4), 47366: (0, 1), 47380: (0, 0), 47394: (255, 1), 47408: (255, 5), 47422: (0, 2), 47436: (1, 2), 47450: (0, 1), 47464: (255, 6), 47478: (255, 2), 47492: (255, 1), 47506: (255, 0), 47520: (255, 5), 47534: (0, 1), 47548: (0, 1), 47562: (255, 0), 47576: (255, 5), 47590: (255, 1), 47604: (0, 1), 47618: (0, 1), 47632: (0, 6), 47646: (255, 1), 47660: (255, 0), 47674: (255, 1), 47688: (0, 6), 47702: (0, 2), 47716: (255, 1), 47730: (255, 1), 47744: (255, 6), 47758: (0, 2), 47772: (0, 1), 47786: (0, 1), 47800: (0, 6), 47814: (0, 2), 47828: (0, 1), 47842: (0, 1), 47856: (0, 6), 47870: (0, 3), 47884: (1, 2), 47898: (0, 2), 47912: (255, 5), 47926: (255, 2), 47940: (0, 2), 47954: (1, 2), 47968: (0, 5), 47982: (255, 2), 47996: (255, 2), 48010: (0, 2), 48024: (0, 3), 48038: (1, 2), 48052: (0, 0), 48066: (0, 0), 48080: (255, 3), 48094: (0, 2), 48108: (0, 1), 48122: (0, 1), 48136: (0, 3), 48150: (1, 3), 48164: (0, 1), 48178: (255, 0), 48192: (255, 2), 48206: (0, 2), 48220: (0, 1), 48234: (255, 0), 48248: (255, 1), 48262: (255, 2), 48276: (255, 0), 48290: (0, 127), 48304: (0, 127), 48318: (255, 3), 48332: (255, 0), 48346: (255, 0), 48360: (255, 0), 48374: (255, 5), 48388: (255, 1), 48402: (255, 0), 48416: (255, 0), 48430: (254, 5), 48444: (254, 1), 48458: (255, 0), 48472: (0, 0), 48486: (255, 3), 48500: (255, 3), 48514: (255, 2), 48528: (255, 1), 48542: (0, 1), 48556: (0, 6), 48570: (0, 2), 48584: (255, 1), 48598: (255, 1), 48612: (0, 2), 48626: (0, 4), 48640: (255, 2), 48654: (255, 1), 48668: (255, 1), 48682: (255, 7), 48696: (0, 3), 48710: (0, 2), 48724: (0, 2), 48738: (255, 2), 48752: (0, 4), 48766: (0, 2), 48780: (0, 1), 48794: (0, 1), 48808: (1, 6), 48822: (1, 2), 48836: (255, 1), 48850: (0, 1), 48864: (0, 5), 48878: (0, 2), 48892: (0, 1), 48906: (0, 0), 48920: (255, 0), 48934: (255, 3), 48948: (255, 0), 48962: (0, 0), 48976: (0, 0), 48990: (255, 4), 49004: (255, 1), 49018: (0, 1), 49032: (255, 0), 49046: (255, 3), 49060: (0, 2), 49074: (0, 1), 49088: (0, 1), 49102: (0, 3), 49116: (1, 1), 49130: (1, 1), 49144: (0, 1), 49158: (1, 3), 49172: (1, 4), 49186: (0, 1), 49200: (0, 127), 49214: (2, 2), 49228: (2, 2), 49242: (0, 0), 49256: (0, 0), 49270: (1, 1), 49284: (1, 3), 49298: (0, 1), 49312: (0, 0), 49326: (1, 0), 49340: (0, 3), 49354: (0, 0), 49368: (0, 0), 49382: (0, 1), 49396: (0, 3), 49410: (0, 0), 49424: (255, 0), 49438: (254, 127), 49452: (255, 4), 49466: (255, 0), 49480: (0, 0), 49494: (255, 127), 49508: (255, 4), 49522: (255, 127), 49536: (255, 127), 49550: (255, 127), 49564: (0, 4), 49578: (0, 0), 49592: (255, 127), 49606: (254, 127), 49620: (255, 2), 49634: (255, 1), 49648: (255, 0), 49662: (255, 0), 49676: (255, 0), 49690: (255, 5), 49704: (255, 1), 49718: (255, 0), 49732: (255, 0), 49746: (0, 0), 49760: (255, 5), 49774: (254, 0), 49788: (255, 0), 49802: (255, 0), 49816: (0, 0), 49830: (0, 5), 49844: (0, 1), 49858: (0, 127), 49872: (1, 2), 49886: (2, 3), 49900: (1, 7), 49914: (255, 3), 49928: (0, 1), 49942: (0, 2), 49956: (255, 1), 49970: (255, 5), 49984: (0, 2), 49998: (0, 2), 50012: (255, 1), 50026: (0, 127), 50040: (0, 3), 50054: (0, 127), 50068: (0, 127), 50082: (2, 0), 50096: (3, 127), 50110: (1, 3), 50124: (0, 0), 50138: (1, 0), 50152: (1, 1), 50166: (0, 5), 50180: (0, 2), 50194: (1, 2), 50208: (0, 1), 50222: (0, 1), 50236: (1, 4), 50250: (1, 1), 50264: (0, 0), 50278: (1, 0), 50292: (1, 5), 50306: (1, 2), 50320: (1, 0), 50334: (2, 0), 50348: (2, 3), 50362: (1, 3), 50376: (1, 2), 50390: (1, 0), 50404: (0, 2), 50418: (0, 3), 50432: (0, 1), 50446: (0, 0), 50460: (0, 0), 50474: (0, 5), 50488: (1, 1), 50502: (1, 0), 50516: (255, 0), 50530: (255, 4), 50544: (1, 2), 50558: (1, 1), 50572: (255, 0), 50586: (255, 2), 50600: (1, 1), 50614: (1, 1), 50628: (0, 0), 50642: (0, 0), 50656: (1, 4), 50670: (0, 1), 50684: (0, 1), 50698: (0, 1), 50712: (0, 5), 50726: (0, 1), 50740: (0, 0), 50754: (1, 0), 50768: (0, 5), 50782: (0, 1), 50796: (1, 0), 50810: (1, 0), 50824: (0, 2), 50838: (255, 2), 50852: (255, 1), 50866: (255, 1), 50880: (0, 2), 50894: (0, 2), 50908: (0, 1), 50922: (255, 0), 50936: (255, 1), 50950: (0, 3), 50964: (0, 0), 50978: (0, 0), 50992: (1, 1), 51006: (1, 4), 51020: (0, 0), 51034: (1, 0), 51048: (1, 0), 51062: (1, 5), 51076: (1, 2), 51090: (1, 1), 51104: (0, 1), 51118: (255, 5), 51132: (255, 1), 51146: (0, 2), 51160: (1, 2), 51174: (0, 5), 51188: (255, 1), 51202: (0, 2), 51216: (0, 2), 51230: (0, 5), 51244: (0, 2), 51258: (0, 1), 51272: (0, 1), 51286: (0, 4), 51300: (0, 2), 51314: (1, 1), 51328: (0, 0), 51342: (0, 3), 51356: (0, 2), 51370: (0, 1), 51384: (0, 0), 51398: (0, 1), 51412: (1, 3), 51426: (1, 1), 51440: (255, 127), 51454: (255, 127), 51468: (0, 3), 51482: (1, 1), 51496: (0, 0), 51510: (255, 0), 51524: (255, 5), 51538: (255, 1), 51552: (255, 1), 51566: (0, 0), 51580: (0, 5), 51594: (255, 1), 51608: (255, 0), 51622: (0, 0), 51636: (255, 6), 51650: (0, 3), 51664: (0, 2), 51678: (1, 2), 51692: (0, 5), 51706: (255, 1), 51720: (255, 0), 51734: (1, 2), 51748: (2, 6), 51762: (2, 2), 51776: (1, 1), 51790: (1, 0), 51804: (1, 2), 51818: (2, 3), 51832: (3, 1), 51846: (2, 1), 51860: (0, 4), 51874: (1, 2), 51888: (1, 2), 51902: (0, 1), 51916: (0, 4), 51930: (1, 3), 51944: (1, 1), 51958: (0, 1), 51972: (0, 4), 51986: (0, 1), 52000: (1, 2), 52014: (1, 1), 52028: (0, 6), 52042: (0, 2), 52056: (0, 1), 52070: (0, 1), 52084: (1, 6), 52098: (0, 2), 52112: (0, 2), 52126: (0, 1), 52140: (1, 7), 52154: (1, 2), 52168: (1, 0), 52182: (2, 127), 52196: (2, 2), 52210: (2, 125), 52224: (2, 125), 52238: (2, 125), 52252: (1, 2), 52266: (1, 127), 52280: (1, 126), 52294: (1, 126), 52308: (0, 4), 52322: (0, 0), 52336: (1, 0), 52350: (1, 1), 52364: (0, 3), 52378: (0, 1), 52392: (0, 1), 52406: (1, 1), 52420: (1, 4), 52434: (1, 1), 52448: (0, 0), 52462: (0, 2), 52476: (0, 2), 52490: (1, 0), 52504: (0, 0), 52518: (255, 3), 52532: (0, 1), 52546: (0, 0), 52560: (255, 0), 52574: (255, 2), 52588: (0, 2), 52602: (0, 1), 52616: (255, 0), 52630: (255, 4), 52644: (0, 1), 52658: (1, 1), 52672: (1, 127), 52686: (1, 5), 52700: (2, 4), 52714: (1, 2), 52728: (1, 2), 52742: (1, 7), 52756: (1, 2), 52770: (0, 1), 52784: (0, 2), 52798: (0, 6), 52812: (1, 3), 52826: (0, 1), 52840: (0, 3), 52854: (0, 3), 52868: (0, 2), 52882: (0, 2), 52896: (0, 4), 52910: (0, 3), 52924: (0, 2), 52938: (0, 2), 52952: (1, 5), 52966: (1, 3), 52980: (0, 1), 52994: (0, 0), 53008: (0, 3), 53022: (0, 4), 53036: (0, 1), 53050: (0, 2), 53064: (0, 5), 53078: (0, 3), 53092: (0, 2), 53106: (0, 1), 53120: (0, 4), 53134: (0, 2), 53148: (0, 1), 53162: (0, 0), 53176: (0, 3), 53190: (0, 1), 53204: (0, 0), 53218: (0, 0), 53232: (255, 3), 53246: (255, 1), 53260: (255, 0), 53274: (0, 0), 53288: (0, 4), 53302: (1, 3), 53316: (1, 1), 53330: (1, 127), 53344: (2, 4), 53358: (3, 2), 53372: (2, 2), 53386: (1, 1), 53400: (0, 3), 53414: (1, 3), 53428: (0, 1), 53442: (0, 1), 53456: (0, 2), 53470: (0, 3), 53484: (0, 1), 53498: (0, 1), 53512: (0, 1), 53526: (0, 5), 53540: (0, 1), 53554: (0, 1), 53568: (0, 2), 53582: (0, 4), 53596: (0, 2), 53610: (1, 2), 53624: (1, 4), 53638: (0, 3), 53652: (255, 1), 53666: (0, 2), 53680: (1, 5), 53694: (0, 3), 53708: (1, 1), 53722: (1, 127), 53736: (1, 1), 53750: (1, 126), 53764: (1, 125), 53778: (1, 125), 53792: (0, 2), 53806: (0, 126), 53820: (1, 127), 53834: (0, 127), 53848: (255, 4), 53862: (0, 0), 53876: (1, 1), 53890: (0, 0), 53904: (255, 5), 53918: (0, 1), 53932: (1, 1), 53946: (1, 1), 53960: (0, 5), 53974: (0, 1), 53988: (0, 0), 54002: (0, 0), 54016: (0, 4), 54030: (0, 0), 54044: (255, 0), 54058: (0, 1), 54072: (1, 5), 54086: (1, 1), 54100: (1, 0), 54114: (1, 1), 54128: (2, 2), 54142: (2, 3), 54156: (1, 1), 54170: (1, 3), 54184: (1, 3), 54198: (0, 0), 54212: (0, 1), 54226: (1, 6), 54240: (0, 2), 54254: (255, 1), 54268: (0, 1), 54282: (1, 6), 54296: (0, 2), 54310: (255, 1), 54324: (255, 1), 54338: (0, 6), 54352: (0, 1), 54366: (0, 1), 54380: (0, 1), 54394: (0, 4), 54408: (0, 1), 54422: (1, 2), 54436: (1, 4), 54450: (1, 4), 54464: (1, 2), 54478: (0, 1), 54492: (255, 4), 54506: (255, 3), 54520: (0, 2), 54534: (0, 2), 54548: (0, 7), 54562: (255, 2), 54576: (255, 1), 54590: (0, 2), 54604: (0, 8), 54618: (0, 2), 54632: (0, 2), 54646: (0, 2), 54660: (255, 5), 54674: (0, 2), 54688: (0, 2), 54702: (0, 3), 54716: (255, 3), 54730: (255, 1), 54744: (255, 1), 54758: (255, 4), 54772: (0, 2), 54786: (0, 1), 54800: (255, 1), 54814: (255, 6), 54828: (0, 1), 54842: (1, 2), 54856: (1, 2), 54870: (1, 8), 54884: (1, 2), 54898: (0, 1), 54912: (255, 1), 54926: (1, 6), 54940: (1, 1), 54954: (2, 2), 54968: (1, 2), 54982: (0, 4), 54996: (0, 2), 55010: (1, 2), 55024: (1, 6), 55038: (1, 3), 55052: (1, 2), 55066: (255, 2), 55080: (255, 7), 55094: (0, 3), 55108: (0, 2), 55122: (0, 1), 55136: (0, 6), 55150: (0, 1), 55164: (255, 1), 55178: (255, 1), 55192: (255, 5), 55206: (0, 1), 55220: (0, 1), 55234: (255, 3), 55248: (255, 2), 55262: (255, 1), 55276: (0, 1), 55290: (1, 5), 55304: (0, 1), 55318: (255, 0), 55332: (255, 0), 55346: (255, 6), 55360: (0, 1), 55374: (0, 1), 55388: (255, 0), 55402: (255, 6), 55416: (255, 1), 55430: (254, 0), 55444: (255, 0), 55458: (0, 6), 55472: (0, 1), 55486: (255, 0), 55500: (254, 0), 55514: (254, 4), 55528: (255, 1), 55542: (1, 1), 55556: (1, 0), 55570: (1, 127), 55584: (0, 5), 55598: (0, 2), 55612: (1, 2), 55626: (2, 1), 55640: (1, 4), 55654: (1, 3), 55668: (0, 1), 55682: (0, 1), 55696: (0, 2), 55710: (0, 4), 55724: (0, 2), 55738: (0, 1), 55752: (0, 2), 55766: (0, 7), 55780: (0, 2), 55794: (0, 1), 55808: (1, 1), 55822: (0, 5), 55836: (0, 0), 55850: (255, 1), 55864: (0, 1), 55878: (0, 6), 55892: (0, 2), 55906: (255, 0), 55920: (255, 0), 55934: (255, 5), 55948: (255, 1), 55962: (0, 1), 55976: (0, 2), 55990: (0, 7), 56004: (0, 2), 56018: (0, 1), 56032: (0, 1), 56046: (0, 6), 56060: (0, 1), 56074: (1, 0), 56088: (1, 127), 56102: (1, 4), 56116: (1, 127), 56130: (2, 127), 56144: (2, 127), 56158: (2, 1), 56172: (1, 126), 56186: (1, 125), 56200: (1, 127), 56214: (1, 2), 56228: (0, 0), 56242: (0, 0), 56256: (1, 0), 56270: (1, 4), 56284: (1, 0), 56298: (1, 0), 56312: (1, 1), 56326: (1, 3), 56340: (0, 1), 56354: (0, 1), 56368: (0, 1), 56382: (1, 4), 56396: (1, 2), 56410: (0, 1), 56424: (0, 2), 56438: (0, 3), 56452: (0, 0), 56466: (255, 0), 56480: (0, 1), 56494: (0, 3), 56508: (255, 0), 56522: (0, 0), 56536: (0, 1), 56550: (0, 3), 56564: (0, 2), 56578: (0, 1), 56592: (0, 2), 56606: (0, 4), 56620: (255, 1), 56634: (0, 0), 56648: (0, 1), 56662: (0, 5), 56676: (0, 1), 56690: (255, 1), 56704: (0, 0), 56718: (0, 2), 56732: (0, 127), 56746: (0, 0), 56760: (0, 127), 56774: (255, 4), 56788: (0, 0), 56802: (1, 1), 56816: (2, 0), 56830: (1, 4), 56844: (1, 0), 56858: (2, 127), 56872: (2, 1), 56886: (2, 5), 56900: (1, 1), 56914: (0, 0), 56928: (0, 2), 56942: (0, 4), 56956: (0, 1), 56970: (255, 1), 56984: (0, 2), 56998: (0, 4), 57012: (0, 1), 57026: (255, 0), 57040: (255, 2), 57054: (1, 2), 57068: (0, 0), 57082: (0, 1), 57096: (255, 1), 57110: (255, 2), 57124: (255, 0), 57138: (255, 0), 57152: (0, 2), 57166: (0, 3), 57180: (1, 0), 57194: (1, 0), 57208: (0, 2), 57222: (0, 2), 57236: (0, 1), 57250: (0, 1), 57264: (0, 3), 57278: (0, 3), 57292: (0, 2), 57306: (0, 1), 57320: (0, 3), 57334: (1, 4), 57348: (0, 2), 57362: (255, 1), 57376: (0, 4), 57390: (0, 3), 57404: (0, 2), 57418: (0, 1), 57432: (0, 3), 57446: (0, 4), 57460: (0, 1), 57474: (0, 0), 57488: (0, 2), 57502: (1, 3), 57516: (1, 1), 57530: (1, 0), 57544: (1, 3), 57558: (1, 2), 57572: (0, 0), 57586: (1, 0), 57600: (1, 2), 57614: (0, 2), 57628: (255, 0), 57642: (255, 0), 57656: (0, 3), 57670: (0, 3), 57684: (255, 0), 57698: (255, 0), 57712: (255, 1), 57726: (0, 3), 57740: (0, 1), 57754: (255, 0), 57768: (255, 0), 57782: (255, 5), 57796: (0, 1), 57810: (0, 1), 57824: (1, 2), 57838: (0, 6), 57852: (0, 1), 57866: (0, 1), 57880: (0, 0), 57894: (0, 6), 57908: (255, 1), 57922: (0, 1), 57936: (0, 1), 57950: (0, 6), 57964: (0, 1), 57978: (0, 1), 57992: (1, 1), 58006: (1, 5), 58020: (0, 1), 58034: (0, 0), 58048: (0, 0), 58062: (1, 5), 58076: (1, 2), 58090: (0, 1), 58104: (0, 127), 58118: (0, 3), 58132: (1, 1), 58146: (1, 0), 58160: (1, 0), 58174: (1, 127), 58188: (0, 1), 58202: (0, 0), 58216: (0, 0), 58230: (0, 0), 58244: (255, 4), 58258: (255, 0), 58272: (255, 0), 58286: (0, 1), 58300: (255, 5), 58314: (1, 1), 58328: (1, 1), 58342: (1, 0), 58356: (1, 4), 58370: (1, 1), 58384: (0, 0), 58398: (0, 1), 58412: (0, 5), 58426: (0, 2), 58440: (255, 1), 58454: (255, 0), 58468: (0, 5), 58482: (0, 2), 58496: (0, 2), 58510: (0, 1), 58524: (255, 5), 58538: (255, 2), 58552: (255, 2), 58566: (0, 1), 58580: (0, 4), 58594: (0, 2), 58608: (255, 1), 58622: (255, 0), 58636: (255, 4), 58650: (0, 2), 58664: (0, 1), 58678: (0, 1), 58692: (255, 3), 58706: (255, 2), 58720: (254, 0), 58734: (0, 0), 58748: (1, 1), 58762: (0, 2), 58776: (0, 0), 58790: (0, 127), 58804: (1, 0), 58818: (2, 3), 58832: (2, 2), 58846: (2, 1), 58860: (2, 1), 58874: (1, 4), 58888: (0, 1), 58902: (0, 1), 58916: (1, 0), 58930: (1, 6), 58944: (1, 2), 58958: (0, 2), 58972: (255, 0), 58986: (0, 5), 59000: (1, 2), 59014: (2, 2), 59028: (1, 2), 59042: (0, 5), 59056: (0, 2), 59070: (1, 2), 59084: (1, 0), 59098: (1, 3), 59112: (1, 1), 59126: (0, 1), 59140: (0, 0), 59154: (0, 4), 59168: (0, 3), 59182: (1, 2), 59196: (1, 2), 59210: (1, 2), 59224: (0, 3), 59238: (0, 1), 59252: (0, 1), 59266: (1, 1), 59280: (1, 4), 59294: (0, 1), 59308: (255, 1), 59322: (255, 1), 59336: (0, 4), 59350: (1, 1), 59364: (0, 1), 59378: (0, 1), 59392: (0, 6), 59406: (1, 3), 59420: (2, 3), 59434: (2, 2), 59448: (1, 6), 59462: (1, 2), 59476: (1, 1), 59490: (1, 0), 59504: (1, 7), 59518: (1, 1), 59532: (0, 1), 59546: (0, 1), 59560: (0, 5), 59574: (0, 2), 59588: (0, 1), 59602: (0, 1), 59616: (0, 5), 59630: (0, 1), 59644: (255, 0), 59658: (0, 0), 59672: (0, 4), 59686: (0, 0), 59700: (0, 0), 59714: (255, 1), 59728: (255, 2), 59742: (0, 0), 59756: (0, 0), 59770: (255, 2), 59784: (0, 1), 59798: (0, 1), 59812: (0, 1), 59826: (0, 5), 59840: (255, 2), 59854: (255, 1), 59868: (0, 1), 59882: (255, 3), 59896: (255, 2), 59910: (0, 0), 59924: (0, 0), 59938: (0, 0), 59952: (0, 3), 59966: (0, 1), 59980: (0, 1), 59994: (0, 0), 60008: (0, 5), 60022: (0, 2), 60036: (0, 1), 60050: (255, 0), 60064: (255, 6), 60078: (0, 2), 60092: (0, 1), 60106: (0, 1), 60120: (255, 6), 60134: (0, 1), 60148: (1, 0), 60162: (1, 127), 60176: (1, 2), 60190: (1, 1), 60204: (1, 127), 60218: (1, 126), 60232: (2, 126), 60246: (3, 127), 60260: (1, 126), 60274: (0, 126), 60288: (0, 126), 60302: (0, 4), 60316: (0, 0), 60330: (1, 0), 60344: (2, 1), 60358: (2, 5), 60372: (1, 1), 60386: (0, 0), 60400: (1, 0), 60414: (1, 3), 60428: (1, 2), 60442: (0, 0), 60456: (0, 0), 60470: (1, 1), 60484: (0, 3), 60498: (1, 0), 60512: (1, 0), 60526: (1, 127), 60540: (1, 3), 60554: (2, 0), 60568: (2, 1), 60582: (2, 1), 60596: (1, 4), 60610: (2, 0), 60624: (1, 0), 60638: (0, 0), 60652: (0, 5), 60666: (1, 2), 60680: (1, 1), 60694: (0, 0), 60708: (255, 6), 60722: (0, 1), 60736: (0, 1), 60750: (0, 1), 60764: (0, 6), 60778: (0, 2), 60792: (1, 2), 60806: (0, 1), 60820: (0, 6), 60834: (0, 1), 60848: (0, 1), 60862: (0, 1), 60876: (0, 5), 60890: (0, 1), 60904: (0, 0), 60918: (255, 0), 60932: (0, 5), 60946: (0, 1), 60960: (1, 1), 60974: (0, 1), 60988: (255, 4), 61002: (0, 1), 61016: (255, 0), 61030: (0, 1), 61044: (255, 2), 61058: (255, 0), 61072: (255, 0), 61086: (0, 3), 61100: (0, 1), 61114: (0, 0), 61128: (0, 0), 61142: (1, 5), 61156: (0, 3), 61170: (255, 1), 61184: (0, 1), 61198: (0, 6), 61212: (1, 3), 61226: (2, 1), 61240: (1, 0), 61254: (1, 7), 61268: (2, 2), 61282: (1, 2), 61296: (1, 1), 61310: (0, 5), 61324: (0, 2), 61338: (1, 2), 61352: (0, 1), 61366: (0, 5), 61380: (1, 1), 61394: (1, 2), 61408: (0, 1), 61422: (0, 6), 61436: (0, 3), 61450: (0, 1), 61464: (0, 1), 61478: (0, 6), 61492: (1, 3), 61506: (1, 1), 61520: (1, 1), 61534: (1, 6), 61548: (1, 3), 61562: (0, 2), 61576: (0, 1), 61590: (0, 6), 61604: (1, 3), 61618: (0, 2), 61632: (0, 1), 61646: (0, 5), 61660: (0, 2), 61674: (0, 1), 61688: (0, 1), 61702: (255, 4), 61716: (255, 1), 61730: (255, 2), 61744: (0, 1), 61758: (255, 5), 61772: (255, 1), 61786: (0, 1), 61800: (1, 0), 61814: (0, 4), 61828: (1, 2), 61842: (1, 2), 61856: (1, 1), 61870: (2, 5), 61884: (1, 2), 61898: (0, 1), 61912: (0, 0), 61926: (0, 6), 61940: (1, 2), 61954: (0, 1), 61968: (0, 1), 61982: (255, 5), 61996: (0, 2), 62010: (0, 1), 62024: (0, 0), 62038: (0, 6), 62052: (0, 2), 62066: (0, 3), 62080: (0, 1), 62094: (0, 6), 62108: (0, 2), 62122: (1, 1), 62136: (1, 2), 62150: (0, 6), 62164: (0, 2), 62178: (255, 1), 62192: (0, 1), 62206: (1, 6), 62220: (2, 2), 62234: (0, 127), 62248: (0, 0), 62262: (0, 5), 62276: (1, 3), 62290: (1, 1), 62304: (1, 2), 62318: (1, 5), 62332: (1, 2), 62346: (3, 0), 62360: (1, 0), 62374: (1, 4), 62388: (1, 1), 62402: (1, 0), 62416: (0, 0), 62430: (0, 5), 62444: (0, 0), 62458: (0, 1), 62472: (1, 0), 62486: (0, 5), 62500: (255, 0), 62514: (255, 0), 62528: (255, 0), 62542: (0, 5), 62556: (0, 1), 62570: (0, 0), 62584: (0, 0), 62598: (255, 5), 62612: (255, 0), 62626: (0, 0), 62640: (0, 127), 62654: (0, 5), 62668: (255, 0), 62682: (255, 0), 62696: (255, 127), 62710: (255, 5), 62724: (0, 0), 62738: (1, 0), 62752: (1, 0), 62766: (0, 1), 62780: (0, 1), 62794: (1, 0), 62808: (2, 1), 62822: (2, 3), 62836: (0, 6), 62850: (0, 1), 62864: (0, 1), 62878: (1, 0), 62892: (0, 5), 62906: (0, 1), 62920: (255, 0), 62934: (0, 1), 62948: (0, 2), 62962: (0, 3), 62976: (0, 1), 62990: (0, 1), 63004: (255, 1), 63018: (0, 7), 63032: (0, 1), 63046: (0, 1), 63060: (0, 0), 63074: (1, 4), 63088: (1, 1), 63102: (0, 0), 63116: (0, 1), 63130: (0, 3), 63144: (1, 3), 63158: (1, 1), 63172: (0, 127), 63186: (0, 127), 63200: (1, 2), 63214: (1, 126), 63228: (1, 126), 63242: (0, 127), 63256: (1, 4), 63270: (1, 127), 63284: (1, 126), 63298: (1, 125), 63312: (0, 4), 63326: (0, 0), 63340: (1, 0), 63354: (1, 0), 63368: (0, 3), 63382: (1, 126), 63396: (2, 125), 63410: (1, 124), 63424: (0, 0), 63438: (0, 125), 63452: (0, 126), 63466: (1, 126), 63480: (1, 2), 63494: (1, 127), 63508: (0, 127), 63522: (0, 127), 63536: (0, 3), 63550: (1, 2), 63564: (0, 1), 63578: (0, 0), 63592: (0, 1), 63606: (0, 4), 63620: (1, 1), 63634: (0, 1), 63648: (0, 1), 63662: (0, 5), 63676: (0, 2), 63690: (0, 1), 63704: (0, 1), 63718: (1, 4), 63732: (1, 0), 63746: (1, 127), 63760: (1, 126), 63774: (1, 1), 63788: (2, 125), 63802: (3, 124), 63816: (2, 125), 63830: (1, 4), 63844: (0, 0), 63858: (0, 127), 63872: (1, 0), 63886: (0, 5), 63900: (0, 0), 63914: (0, 0), 63928: (0, 1), 63942: (0, 5), 63956: (255, 1), 63970: (255, 0), 63984: (255, 0), 63998: (0, 5), 64012: (0, 1), 64026: (255, 0), 64040: (255, 127), 64054: (0, 4), 64068: (0, 1), 64082: (1, 1), 64096: (255, 127), 64110: (255, 3), 64124: (255, 1), 64138: (0, 1), 64152: (0, 0), 64166: (255, 5), 64180: (255, 0), 64194: (255, 0), 64208: (0, 0), 64222: (255, 4), 64236: (0, 1), 64250: (0, 127), 64264: (1, 0), 64278: (1, 0), 64292: (0, 5), 64306: (255, 0), 64320: (0, 0), 64334: (0, 1), 64348: (0, 5), 64362: (0, 2), 64376: (255, 0), 64390: (0, 0), 64404: (0, 1), 64418: (0, 2), 64432: (0, 1), 64446: (255, 1), 64460: (255, 0), 64474: (255, 6), 64488: (0, 2), 64502: (0, 1), 64516: (0, 1), 64530: (0, 5), 64544: (255, 2), 64558: (255, 0), 64572: (0, 1), 64586: (0, 4), 64600: (0, 2), 64614: (0, 1), 64628: (255, 1), 64642: (255, 1), 64656: (0, 6), 64670: (0, 2), 64684: (0, 0), 64698: (1, 1), 64712: (0, 4), 64726: (1, 2), 64740: (2, 3), 64754: (1, 1), 64768: (255, 4), 64782: (0, 4), 64796: (0, 1), 64810: (0, 1), 64824: (0, 1), 64838: (0, 4), 64852: (255, 1), 64866: (0, 1), 64880: (0, 0), 64894: (255, 4), 64908: (255, 0), 64922: (255, 0), 64936: (255, 0), 64950: (255, 5), 64964: (254, 0), 64978: (255, 0), 64992: (255, 0), 65006: (255, 5), 65020: (255, 1), 65034: (254, 0), 65048: (254, 0), 65062: (0, 6), 65076: (0, 1), 65090: (255, 0), 65104: (254, 0), 65118: (254, 5), 65132: (255, 0), 65146: (255, 0), 65160: (254, 0), 65174: (254, 4), 65188: (255, 1), 65202: (255, 1), 65216: (255, 2), 65230: (255, 3), 65244: (0, 3), 65258: (0, 1), 65272: (255, 1), 65286: (255, 2), 65300: (255, 3), 65314: (0, 2), 65328: (0, 2), 65342: (0, 2), 65356: (255, 5), 65370: (254, 2), 65384: (255, 1), 65398: (0, 2), 65412: (0, 7), 65426: (255, 1), 65440: (255, 1), 65454: (255, 1), 65468: (0, 5), 65482: (1, 1), 65496: (1, 2), 65510: (1, 2), 65524: (0, 6), 65538: (1, 3), 65552: (0, 1), 65566: (0, 1), 65580: (0, 5), 65594: (0, 3), 65608: (0, 1), 65622: (255, 0), 65636: (254, 5), 65650: (0, 1), 65664: (0, 1), 65678: (0, 0), 65692: (0, 5), 65706: (0, 1), 65720: (255, 0), 65734: (0, 1), 65748: (1, 6), 65762: (1, 0), 65776: (1, 127), 65790: (1, 127), 65804: (0, 5), 65818: (1, 1), 65832: (0, 0), 65846: (0, 1), 65860: (0, 5), 65874: (0, 1), 65888: (255, 1), 65902: (255, 1), 65916: (0, 5), 65930: (1, 2), 65944: (0, 1), 65958: (255, 1), 65972: (255, 4), 65986: (1, 0), 66000: (1, 0), 66014: (1, 1), 66028: (1, 1), 66042: (0, 127), 66056: (0, 127), 66070: (0, 127), 66084: (0, 4), 66098: (0, 1), 66112: (0, 0), 66126: (0, 0), 66140: (0, 5), 66154: (0, 0), 66168: (0, 0), 66182: (0, 0), 66196: (0, 3), 66210: (0, 0), 66224: (255, 127), 66238: (255, 127), 66252: (0, 4), 66266: (0, 0), 66280: (255, 0), 66294: (255, 0), 66308: (255, 5), 66322: (255, 1), 66336: (255, 0), 66350: (255, 0), 66364: (255, 1), 66378: (255, 2), 66392: (255, 0), 66406: (255, 0), 66420: (0, 0), 66434: (0, 4), 66448: (0, 1), 66462: (1, 2), 66476: (1, 1), 66490: (1, 0), 66504: (1, 5), 66518: (2, 1), 66532: (1, 2), 66546: (1, 0), 66560: (0, 4), 66574: (0, 2), 66588: (0, 1), 66602: (1, 1), 66616: (0, 1), 66630: (0, 4), 66644: (0, 2), 66658: (1, 1), 66672: (1, 1), 66686: (1, 6), 66700: (1, 1), 66714: (1, 1), 66728: (1, 1), 66742: (1, 5), 66756: (1, 2), 66770: (0, 1), 66784: (0, 1), 66798: (0, 2), 66812: (1, 3), 66826: (1, 1), 66840: (1, 0), 66854: (2, 0), 66868: (2, 3), 66882: (1, 0), 66896: (0, 127), 66910: (1, 127), 66924: (1, 4), 66938: (0, 0), 66952: (0, 0), 66966: (0, 127), 66980: (0, 5), 66994: (0, 1), 67008: (0, 1), 67022: (1, 0), 67036: (0, 4), 67050: (0, 0), 67064: (0, 127), 67078: (0, 126), 67092: (1, 127), 67106: (1, 3), 67120: (0, 0), 67134: (255, 127), 67148: (0, 0), 67162: (0, 3), 67176: (0, 0), 67190: (0, 0), 67204: (0, 0), 67218: (0, 3), 67232: (0, 0), 67246: (0, 0), 67260: (0, 0), 67274: (0, 2), 67288: (0, 0), 67302: (255, 127), 67316: (255, 127), 67330: (255, 2), 67344: (0, 0), 67358: (255, 127), 67372: (255, 127), 67386: (1, 3), 67400: (0, 1), 67414: (0, 0), 67428: (0, 0), 67442: (0, 5), 67456: (0, 2), 67470: (0, 1), 67484: (0, 1), 67498: (0, 0), 67512: (255, 5), 67526: (0, 1), 67540: (0, 0), 67554: (0, 127), 67568: (255, 4), 67582: (0, 0), 67596: (0, 0), 67610: (1, 126), 67624: (1, 127), 67638: (1, 0), 67652: (1, 127), 67666: (1, 127), 67680: (1, 127), 67694: (0, 4), 67708: (0, 0), 67722: (0, 127), 67736: (0, 0), 67750: (0, 1), 67764: (0, 2), 67778: (0, 0), 67792: (1, 0), 67806: (1, 127), 67820: (0, 4), 67834: (0, 0), 67848: (0, 127), 67862: (1, 127), 67876: (1, 1), 67890: (1, 0), 67904: (0, 126), 67918: (0, 126), 67932: (1, 127), 67946: (0, 4), 67960: (0, 0), 67974: (0, 0), 67988: (0, 0), 68002: (0, 3), 68016: (1, 2), 68030: (1, 0), 68044: (1, 0), 68058: (2, 1), 68072: (2, 2), 68086: (0, 0), 68100: (0, 0), 68114: (1, 1), 68128: (1, 5), 68142: (1, 1), 68156: (0, 0), 68170: (1, 0), 68184: (0, 5), 68198: (1, 2), 68212: (1, 1), 68226: (0, 0), 68240: (0, 3), 68254: (0, 2), 68268: (0, 1), 68282: (0, 0), 68296: (0, 1), 68310: (0, 4), 68324: (0, 1), 68338: (0, 0), 68352: (1, 0), 68366: (1, 5), 68380: (1, 1), 68394: (1, 127), 68408: (1, 127), 68422: (0, 4), 68436: (0, 1), 68450: (0, 0), 68464: (0, 0), 68478: (255, 3), 68492: (0, 2), 68506: (0, 1), 68520: (0, 1), 68534: (0, 2), 68548: (0, 3), 68562: (0, 1), 68576: (0, 0), 68590: (0, 1), 68604: (0, 6), 68618: (0, 1), 68632: (0, 1), 68646: (0, 1), 68660: (0, 5), 68674: (0, 2), 68688: (0, 1), 68702: (0, 1), 68716: (0, 4), 68730: (0, 2), 68744: (0, 1), 68758: (255, 0), 68772: (255, 2), 68786: (0, 2), 68800: (1, 1), 68814: (0, 1), 68828: (1, 2), 68842: (1, 4), 68856: (2, 3), 68870: (2, 2), 68884: (2, 3), 68898: (2, 5), 68912: (2, 2), 68926: (2, 1), 68940: (2, 2), 68954: (2, 5), 68968: (2, 2), 68982: (2, 2), 68996: (2, 1), 69010: (1, 6), 69024: (1, 2), 69038: (2, 2), 69052: (2, 1), 69066: (1, 6), 69080: (1, 2), 69094: (1, 1), 69108: (1, 1), 69122: (2, 4), 69136: (3, 2), 69150: (2, 1), 69164: (1, 0), 69178: (1, 2), 69192: (2, 4), 69206: (2, 1), 69220: (1, 0), 69234: (1, 0), 69248: (0, 6), 69262: (0, 1), 69276: (0, 1), 69290: (0, 1), 69304: (0, 1), 69318: (1, 4), 69332: (0, 2), 69346: (0, 0), 69360: (0, 0), 69374: (0, 5), 69388: (1, 0), 69402: (0, 0), 69416: (0, 0), 69430: (255, 4), 69444: (255, 1), 69458: (0, 0), 69472: (0, 0), 69486: (255, 3), 69500: (255, 1), 69514: (254, 0), 69528: (255, 0), 69542: (0, 3), 69556: (255, 0), 69570: (255, 0), 69584: (255, 0), 69598: (255, 3), 69612: (255, 1), 69626: (255, 0), 69640: (255, 0), 69654: (255, 0), 69668: (255, 3), 69682: (254, 0), 69696: (254, 127), 69710: (255, 0), 69724: (0, 1), 69738: (255, 2), 69752: (255, 0), 69766: (254, 127), 69780: (255, 0), 69794: (0, 2), 69808: (0, 2), 69822: (0, 1), 69836: (255, 0), 69850: (0, 0), 69864: (0, 1), 69878: (0, 4), 69892: (0, 1), 69906: (0, 1), 69920: (255, 0), 69934: (255, 2), 69948: (255, 2), 69962: (0, 1), 69976: (0, 1), 69990: (0, 1), 70004: (255, 4), 70018: (255, 1), 70032: (255, 1), 70046: (0, 0), 70060: (0, 1), 70074: (0, 6), 70088: (255, 0), 70102: (255, 0), 70116: (0, 0), 70130: (0, 0), 70144: (0, 5), 70158: (0, 2), 70172: (255, 1), 70186: (255, 1), 70200: (0, 3), 70214: (0, 3), 70228: (0, 1), 70242: (0, 2), 70256: (255, 2), 70270: (255, 4), 70284: (0, 1), 70298: (0, 2), 70312: (0, 1), 70326: (0, 4), 70340: (0, 2), 70354: (255, 1), 70368: (255, 1), 70382: (0, 5), 70396: (1, 3), 70410: (0, 1), 70424: (255, 2), 70438: (255, 3), 70452: (0, 2), 70466: (0, 1), 70480: (0, 4), 70494: (255, 2), 70508: (255, 1), 70522: (0, 1), 70536: (0, 4), 70550: (0, 1), 70564: (255, 0), 70578: (255, 0), 70592: (255, 5), 70606: (255, 0), 70620: (255, 0), 70634: (255, 0), 70648: (255, 3), 70662: (0, 0), 70676: (255, 0), 70690: (254, 3), 70704: (255, 1), 70718: (0, 1), 70732: (0, 1), 70746: (0, 4), 70760: (255, 1), 70774: (1, 0), 70788: (1, 0), 70802: (1, 5), 70816: (2, 3), 70830: (1, 2), 70844: (1, 2), 70858: (1, 3), 70872: (0, 2), 70886: (0, 1), 70900: (255, 0), 70914: (0, 3), 70928: (0, 2), 70942: (0, 1), 70956: (255, 1), 70970: (255, 2), 70984: (0, 4), 70998: (0, 2), 71012: (0, 1), 71026: (0, 3), 71040: (0, 3), 71054: (0, 2), 71068: (0, 2), 71082: (0, 3), 71096: (255, 2), 71110: (0, 2), 71124: (255, 1), 71138: (255, 1), 71152: (0, 4), 71166: (255, 1), 71180: (0, 0), 71194: (0, 0), 71208: (0, 5), 71222: (0, 0), 71236: (0, 127), 71250: (1, 126), 71264: (1, 2), 71278: (0, 125), 71292: (255, 126), 71306: (0, 127), 71320: (0, 5), 71334: (0, 0), 71348: (255, 127), 71362: (0, 127), 71376: (0, 4), 71390: (1, 1), 71404: (0, 0), 71418: (0, 0), 71432: (0, 3), 71446: (0, 1), 71460: (0, 0), 71474: (0, 0), 71488: (1, 2), 71502: (0, 2), 71516: (0, 0), 71530: (1, 0), 71544: (0, 0), 71558: (0, 4), 71572: (1, 1), 71586: (1, 1), 71600: (0, 0), 71614: (0, 4), 71628: (0, 0), 71642: (1, 0), 71656: (0, 0), 71670: (0, 5), 71684: (0, 1), 71698: (0, 1), 71712: (0, 0), 71726: (0, 5), 71740: (0, 1), 71754: (0, 0), 71768: (1, 0), 71782: (0, 5), 71796: (1, 0), 71810: (1, 0), 71824: (0, 0), 71838: (0, 4), 71852: (1, 2), 71866: (1, 0), 71880: (0, 127), 71894: (255, 3), 71908: (0, 1), 71922: (1, 0), 71936: (0, 127), 71950: (255, 2), 71964: (0, 1), 71978: (0, 0), 71992: (0, 127), 72006: (255, 2), 72020: (0, 2), 72034: (0, 0), 72048: (255, 0), 72062: (0, 0), 72076: (0, 5), 72090: (0, 1), 72104: (255, 1), 72118: (255, 1), 72132: (0, 6), 72146: (0, 1), 72160: (0, 1), 72174: (255, 1), 72188: (255, 4), 72202: (0, 2), 72216: (0, 1), 72230: (0, 0), 72244: (0, 2), 72258: (0, 4), 72272: (0, 1), 72286: (255, 0), 72300: (0, 127), 72314: (0, 3), 72328: (1, 1), 72342: (0, 0), 72356: (255, 0), 72370: (254, 3), 72384: (255, 3), 72398: (0, 1), 72412: (0, 1), 72426: (0, 1), 72440: (255, 6), 72454: (0, 2), 72468: (0, 1), 72482: (0, 1), 72496: (255, 6), 72510: (0, 2), 72524: (0, 1), 72538: (255, 0), 72552: (255, 3), 72566: (0, 2), 72580: (0, 2), 72594: (0, 1), 72608: (255, 1), 72622: (255, 4), 72636: (255, 0), 72650: (255, 1), 72664: (0, 0), 72678: (255, 6), 72692: (255, 0), 72706: (255, 0), 72720: (255, 0), 72734: (255, 5), 72748: (255, 0), 72762: (255, 0), 72776: (255, 0), 72790: (255, 4), 72804: (255, 1), 72818: (254, 0), 72832: (255, 127), 72846: (255, 3), 72860: (255, 2), 72874: (254, 0), 72888: (255, 0), 72902: (255, 0), 72916: (255, 4), 72930: (0, 0), 72944: (255, 0), 72958: (254, 127), 72972: (254, 2), 72986: (0, 2), 73000: (0, 1), 73014: (255, 0), 73028: (255, 0), 73042: (255, 5), 73056: (255, 2), 73070: (255, 0), 73084: (255, 0), 73098: (255, 1), 73112: (255, 6), 73126: (255, 2), 73140: (255, 1), 73154: (255, 1), 73168: (255, 1), 73182: (0, 4), 73196: (0, 3), 73210: (255, 1), 73224: (255, 1), 73238: (255, 5), 73252: (0, 2), 73266: (0, 2), 73280: (0, 1), 73294: (0, 1), 73308: (255, 6), 73322: (255, 2), 73336: (255, 1), 73350: (0, 1), 73364: (255, 1), 73378: (255, 3), 73392: (255, 1), 73406: (0, 0), 73420: (0, 0), 73434: (0, 3), 73448: (0, 2), 73462: (0, 2), 73476: (255, 0), 73490: (255, 3), 73504: (0, 3), 73518: (0, 1), 73532: (0, 1), 73546: (255, 2), 73560: (254, 4), 73574: (255, 2), 73588: (255, 1), 73602: (0, 2), 73616: (255, 5), 73630: (255, 2), 73644: (255, 2), 73658: (0, 1), 73672: (0, 6), 73686: (0, 2), 73700: (255, 0), 73714: (255, 0), 73728: (255, 5), 73742: (255, 0), 73756: (255, 0), 73770: (255, 0), 73784: (255, 5), 73798: (255, 1), 73812: (254, 0), 73826: (255, 127), 73840: (255, 5), 73854: (0, 1), 73868: (255, 0), 73882: (254, 127), 73896: (255, 5), 73910: (0, 1), 73924: (255, 0), 73938: (255, 0), 73952: (255, 4), 73966: (255, 0), 73980: (255, 0), 73994: (255, 0), 74008: (255, 4), 74022: (255, 0), 74036: (254, 0), 74050: (254, 0), 74064: (255, 5), 74078: (255, 2), 74092: (255, 2), 74106: (255, 0), 74120: (255, 4), 74134: (0, 2), 74148: (255, 1), 74162: (255, 0), 74176: (0, 1), 74190: (0, 6), 74204: (255, 1), 74218: (255, 1), 74232: (0, 1), 74246: (255, 5), 74260: (0, 3), 74274: (0, 2), 74288: (0, 1), 74302: (0, 2), 74316: (255, 5), 74330: (255, 2), 74344: (255, 2), 74358: (255, 1), 74372: (255, 6), 74386: (0, 3), 74400: (0, 2), 74414: (255, 1), 74428: (255, 4), 74442: (0, 3), 74456: (0, 2), 74470: (0, 1), 74484: (255, 1), 74498: (0, 5), 74512: (1, 2), 74526: (1, 2), 74540: (1, 1), 74554: (1, 6), 74568: (1, 3), 74582: (1, 2), 74596: (1, 2), 74610: (1, 6), 74624: (1, 2), 74638: (1, 2), 74652: (1, 2), 74666: (1, 7), 74680: (1, 1), 74694: (1, 0), 74708: (1, 1), 74722: (1, 6), 74736: (0, 1), 74750: (1, 1), 74764: (1, 0), 74778: (0, 5), 74792: (1, 0), 74806: (1, 1), 74820: (1, 0), 74834: (0, 5), 74848: (1, 1), 74862: (1, 0), 74876: (1, 0), 74890: (0, 5), 74904: (0, 0), 74918: (0, 0), 74932: (0, 0), 74946: (0, 4), 74960: (0, 0), 74974: (0, 0), 74988: (0, 0), 75002: (0, 4), 75016: (0, 0), 75030: (255, 0), 75044: (0, 1), 75058: (0, 4), 75072: (255, 1), 75086: (255, 1), 75100: (0, 0), 75114: (0, 5), 75128: (0, 0), 75142: (0, 1), 75156: (255, 0), 75170: (0, 5), 75184: (0, 2), 75198: (0, 1), 75212: (255, 0), 75226: (255, 6), 75240: (0, 3), 75254: (0, 2), 75268: (0, 1), 75282: (255, 5), 75296: (255, 1), 75310: (255, 1), 75324: (255, 0), 75338: (255, 5), 75352: (255, 0), 75366: (255, 0), 75380: (255, 0), 75394: (255, 5), 75408: (255, 0), 75422: (255, 0), 75436: (255, 127), 75450: (255, 5), 75464: (255, 1), 75478: (255, 0), 75492: (254, 0), 75506: (255, 5), 75520: (0, 2), 75534: (1, 1), 75548: (1, 1), 75562: (0, 6), 75576: (1, 3), 75590: (1, 2), 75604: (1, 1), 75618: (1, 4), 75632: (2, 1), 75646: (1, 0), 75660: (0, 0), 75674: (255, 1), 75688: (0, 3), 75702: (0, 2), 75716: (0, 1), 75730: (0, 0), 75744: (255, 6), 75758: (0, 0), 75772: (1, 1), 75786: (1, 1), 75800: (0, 3), 75814: (255, 2), 75828: (255, 1), 75842: (0, 1), 75856: (0, 2), 75870: (0, 4), 75884: (0, 1), 75898: (255, 1), 75912: (255, 2), 75926: (255, 4), 75940: (0, 1), 75954: (255, 1), 75968: (255, 1), 75982: (0, 6), 75996: (0, 0), 76010: (0, 0), 76024: (0, 127), 76038: (1, 3), 76052: (1, 127), 76066: (1, 127), 76080: (0, 127), 76094: (0, 4), 76108: (0, 0), 76122: (1, 0), 76136: (0, 127), 76150: (255, 4), 76164: (255, 0), 76178: (0, 0), 76192: (0, 0), 76206: (0, 5), 76220: (0, 0), 76234: (0, 0), 76248: (0, 0), 76262: (1, 5), 76276: (1, 1), 76290: (1, 1), 76304: (2, 2), 76318: (2, 6), 76332: (1, 1), 76346: (1, 1), 76360: (2, 1), 76374: (1, 7), 76388: (1, 2), 76402: (0, 1), 76416: (0, 0), 76430: (0, 5), 76444: (0, 2), 76458: (0, 0), 76472: (1, 0), 76486: (1, 4), 76500: (0, 0), 76514: (255, 0), 76528: (0, 3), 76542: (0, 1), 76556: (0, 0), 76570: (0, 0), 76584: (0, 4), 76598: (255, 0), 76612: (255, 0), 76626: (0, 0), 76640: (0, 6), 76654: (0, 0), 76668: (255, 127), 76682: (255, 127), 76696: (255, 3), 76710: (255, 0), 76724: (0, 0), 76738: (255, 0), 76752: (255, 2), 76766: (255, 0), 76780: (0, 2), 76794: (0, 2), 76808: (0, 4), 76822: (0, 1), 76836: (255, 1), 76850: (0, 1), 76864: (255, 5), 76878: (255, 1), 76892: (255, 1), 76906: (0, 1), 76920: (0, 6), 76934: (255, 3), 76948: (254, 0), 76962: (255, 0), 76976: (0, 6), 76990: (0, 2), 77004: (0, 2), 77018: (255, 1), 77032: (255, 2), 77046: (0, 4), 77060: (1, 2), 77074: (0, 1), 77088: (255, 1), 77102: (255, 5), 77116: (255, 2), 77130: (0, 2), 77144: (255, 0), 77158: (255, 6), 77172: (0, 2), 77186: (255, 1), 77200: (255, 1), 77214: (255, 6), 77228: (0, 2), 77242: (0, 1), 77256: (0, 2), 77270: (0, 6), 77284: (255, 2), 77298: (0, 0), 77312: (1, 0), 77326: (1, 4), 77340: (1, 127), 77354: (0, 126), 77368: (0, 125), 77382: (2, 0), 77396: (2, 124), 77410: (1, 123), 77424: (1, 125), 77438: (0, 1), 77452: (0, 127), 77466: (1, 127), 77480: (1, 3), 77494: (2, 1), 77508: (1, 0), 77522: (2, 0), 77536: (2, 5), 77550: (2, 1), 77564: (1, 1), 77578: (1, 0), 77592: (1, 5), 77606: (1, 1), 77620: (0, 127), 77634: (0, 127), 77648: (0, 5), 77662: (0, 0), 77676: (255, 127), 77690: (255, 0), 77704: (0, 2), 77718: (1, 127), 77732: (1, 126), 77746: (1, 1), 77760: (0, 0), 77774: (1, 127), 77788: (0, 127), 77802: (1, 4), 77816: (1, 0), 77830: (0, 127), 77844: (0, 0), 77858: (0, 5), 77872: (0, 0), 77886: (0, 0), 77900: (0, 1), 77914: (1, 4), 77928: (0, 1), 77942: (0, 0), 77956: (0, 3), 77970: (1, 3), 77984: (0, 1), 77998: (0, 0), 78012: (0, 4), 78026: (0, 2), 78040: (0, 1), 78054: (0, 0), 78068: (0, 4), 78082: (1, 0), 78096: (255, 127), 78110: (0, 1), 78124: (0, 6), 78138: (0, 1), 78152: (0, 1), 78166: (0, 1), 78180: (0, 6), 78194: (0, 1), 78208: (0, 1), 78222: (0, 1), 78236: (0, 6), 78250: (0, 1), 78264: (0, 0), 78278: (0, 2), 78292: (255, 4), 78306: (0, 0), 78320: (0, 1), 78334: (0, 2), 78348: (255, 2), 78362: (255, 0), 78376: (255, 127), 78390: (255, 3), 78404: (0, 1), 78418: (255, 127), 78432: (255, 127), 78446: (255, 4), 78460: (255, 0), 78474: (255, 127), 78488: (255, 127), 78502: (0, 5), 78516: (0, 0), 78530: (0, 127), 78544: (0, 0), 78558: (0, 6), 78572: (1, 2), 78586: (1, 1), 78600: (255, 1), 78614: (255, 3), 78628: (255, 1), 78642: (0, 1), 78656: (0, 2), 78670: (0, 3), 78684: (0, 1), 78698: (0, 0), 78712: (0, 3), 78726: (0, 2), 78740: (0, 0), 78754: (0, 1), 78768: (0, 4), 78782: (0, 2), 78796: (0, 0), 78810: (0, 0), 78824: (0, 4), 78838: (0, 2), 78852: (0, 2), 78866: (0, 0), 78880: (255, 3), 78894: (255, 1), 78908: (255, 0), 78922: (0, 0), 78936: (0, 4), 78950: (255, 1), 78964: (255, 0), 78978: (0, 0), 78992: (0, 4), 79006: (0, 0), 79020: (0, 0), 79034: (255, 127), 79048: (0, 5), 79062: (0, 0), 79076: (0, 1), 79090: (0, 127), 79104: (0, 4), 79118: (1, 3), 79132: (1, 2), 79146: (0, 0), 79160: (0, 5), 79174: (0, 1), 79188: (0, 1), 79202: (0, 0), 79216: (255, 4), 79230: (0, 2), 79244: (2, 2), 79258: (1, 1), 79272: (0, 6), 79286: (1, 1), 79300: (1, 127), 79314: (2, 1), 79328: (2, 3), 79342: (2, 2), 79356: (1, 1), 79370: (1, 1), 79384: (0, 2), 79398: (0, 2), 79412: (0, 1), 79426: (0, 0), 79440: (0, 3), 79454: (0, 2), 79468: (0, 1), 79482: (0, 1), 79496: (0, 4), 79510: (1, 2), 79524: (0, 0), 79538: (255, 127), 79552: (255, 4), 79566: (0, 1), 79580: (0, 0), 79594: (0, 0), 79608: (255, 5), 79622: (255, 0), 79636: (255, 127), 79650: (0, 127), 79664: (0, 4), 79678: (0, 127), 79692: (0, 127), 79706: (0, 127), 79720: (0, 2), 79734: (0, 0), 79748: (1, 0), 79762: (0, 1), 79776: (1, 3), 79790: (0, 0), 79804: (255, 0), 79818: (255, 3), 79832: (1, 2), 79846: (1, 1), 79860: (0, 0), 79874: (255, 3), 79888: (255, 0), 79902: (0, 127), 79916: (0, 0), 79930: (0, 5), 79944: (0, 1), 79958: (255, 0), 79972: (255, 127), 79986: (0, 2), 80000: (0, 1), 80014: (0, 127), 80028: (255, 127), 80042: (255, 127), 80056: (255, 3), 80070: (254, 0), 80084: (255, 127), 80098: (255, 127), 80112: (0, 127), 80126: (255, 2), 80140: (255, 1), 80154: (255, 127), 80168: (0, 1), 80182: (1, 0), 80196: (0, 2), 80210: (0, 3), 80224: (255, 0), 80238: (0, 0), 80252: (0, 0), 80266: (0, 4), 80280: (0, 2), 80294: (255, 0), 80308: (0, 1), 80322: (0, 1), 80336: (0, 3), 80350: (1, 0), 80364: (0, 127), 80378: (1, 0), 80392: (0, 4), 80406: (0, 0), 80420: (0, 0), 80434: (0, 0), 80448: (1, 0), 80462: (1, 4), 80476: (0, 0), 80490: (0, 0), 80504: (1, 1), 80518: (1, 5), 80532: (1, 1), 80546: (1, 2), 80560: (1, 1), 80574: (1, 1), 80588: (2, 2), 80602: (2, 127), 80616: (2, 127), 80630: (1, 127), 80644: (1, 4), 80658: (1, 127), 80672: (1, 127), 80686: (1, 127), 80700: (1, 4), 80714: (0, 1), 80728: (0, 127), 80742: (1, 127), 80756: (0, 3), 80770: (1, 0), 80784: (0, 127), 80798: (0, 126), 80812: (255, 0), 80826: (255, 127), 80840: (0, 126), 80854: (0, 126), 80868: (0, 1), 80882: (255, 127), 80896: (255, 126), 80910: (0, 126), 80924: (0, 2), 80938: (0, 0), 80952: (0, 127), 80966: (0, 127), 80980: (255, 2), 80994: (255, 0), 81008: (0, 127), 81022: (0, 127), 81036: (255, 1), 81050: (255, 1), 81064: (0, 0), 81078: (255, 127), 81092: (255, 0), 81106: (0, 4), 81120: (0, 0), 81134: (0, 127), 81148: (255, 0), 81162: (0, 4), 81176: (0, 1), 81190: (255, 0), 81204: (0, 0), 81218: (0, 0), 81232: (0, 4), 81246: (1, 2), 81260: (1, 0), 81274: (1, 127), 81288: (1, 5), 81302: (2, 1), 81316: (1, 1), 81330: (1, 0), 81344: (0, 3), 81358: (0, 2), 81372: (0, 1), 81386: (0, 1), 81400: (1, 1), 81414: (0, 4), 81428: (0, 1), 81442: (1, 1), 81456: (1, 0), 81470: (0, 4), 81484: (0, 1), 81498: (0, 127), 81512: (1, 127), 81526: (2, 0), 81540: (0, 1), 81554: (0, 127), 81568: (0, 127), 81582: (0, 127), 81596: (0, 3), 81610: (0, 127), 81624: (0, 127), 81638: (0, 127), 81652: (255, 4), 81666: (0, 0), 81680: (0, 127), 81694: (1, 0), 81708: (0, 4), 81722: (255, 0), 81736: (255, 127), 81750: (255, 127), 81764: (0, 1), 81778: (255, 1), 81792: (255, 0), 81806: (1, 0), 81820: (1, 0), 81834: (1, 4), 81848: (1, 2), 81862: (1, 0), 81876: (1, 0), 81890: (0, 4), 81904: (0, 2), 81918: (0, 0), 81932: (1, 1), 81946: (1, 3), 81960: (0, 2), 81974: (0, 2), 81988: (1, 1), 82002: (0, 0), 82016: (255, 5), 82030: (0, 1), 82044: (1, 2), 82058: (0, 0), 82072: (255, 4), 82086: (255, 1), 82100: (0, 2), 82114: (0, 0), 82128: (1, 3), 82142: (0, 2), 82156: (0, 1), 82170: (0, 1), 82184: (1, 1), 82198: (0, 5), 82212: (0, 2), 82226: (0, 0), 82240: (0, 0), 82254: (0, 4), 82268: (0, 1), 82282: (255, 0), 82296: (0, 0), 82310: (0, 2), 82324: (0, 2), 82338: (0, 0), 82352: (0, 1), 82366: (1, 2), 82380: (2, 4), 82394: (2, 1), 82408: (1, 0), 82422: (2, 1), 82436: (2, 4), 82450: (2, 1), 82464: (2, 0), 82478: (2, 0), 82492: (2, 4), 82506: (1, 0), 82520: (1, 0), 82534: (1, 0), 82548: (0, 4), 82562: (0, 1), 82576: (0, 0), 82590: (1, 1), 82604: (1, 5), 82618: (0, 1), 82632: (0, 1), 82646: (1, 2), 82660: (1, 3), 82674: (0, 0), 82688: (0, 1), 82702: (0, 3), 82716: (0, 2), 82730: (0, 1), 82744: (0, 0), 82758: (255, 2), 82772: (0, 1), 82786: (1, 1), 82800: (0, 127), 82814: (255, 3), 82828: (255, 1), 82842: (0, 0), 82856: (0, 0), 82870: (0, 3), 82884: (255, 0), 82898: (0, 0), 82912: (0, 127), 82926: (255, 4), 82940: (0, 0), 82954: (1, 0), 82968: (0, 0), 82982: (0, 6), 82996: (0, 0), 83010: (255, 0), 83024: (0, 0), 83038: (0, 5), 83052: (1, 1), 83066: (0, 0), 83080: (255, 1), 83094: (255, 5), 83108: (1, 2), 83122: (0, 1), 83136: (0, 1), 83150: (255, 4), 83164: (255, 1), 83178: (0, 1), 83192: (1, 2), 83206: (1, 4), 83220: (0, 2), 83234: (1, 2), 83248: (1, 1), 83262: (1, 1), 83276: (2, 4), 83290: (2, 2), 83304: (2, 2), 83318: (1, 1), 83332: (0, 5), 83346: (0, 0), 83360: (0, 0), 83374: (1, 1), 83388: (1, 6), 83402: (1, 1), 83416: (0, 1), 83430: (0, 0), 83444: (0, 6), 83458: (1, 2), 83472: (0, 1), 83486: (0, 0), 83500: (255, 5), 83514: (255, 0), 83528: (0, 0), 83542: (0, 127), 83556: (0, 3), 83570: (0, 126), 83584: (0, 126), 83598: (255, 125), 83612: (255, 3), 83626: (0, 0), 83640: (1, 0), 83654: (0, 0), 83668: (255, 4), 83682: (255, 0), 83696: (255, 127), 83710: (255, 127), 83724: (0, 2), 83738: (255, 0), 83752: (255, 127), 83766: (255, 127), 83780: (255, 127), 83794: (0, 3), 83808: (0, 0), 83822: (0, 127), 83836: (0, 127), 83850: (0, 0), 83864: (1, 3), 83878: (1, 127), 83892: (2, 1), 83906: (2, 0), 83920: (2, 1), 83934: (1, 3), 83948: (1, 2), 83962: (1, 1), 83976: (1, 0), 83990: (0, 4), 84004: (0, 1), 84018: (0, 1), 84032: (255, 0), 84046: (0, 1), 84060: (0, 5), 84074: (1, 1), 84088: (0, 2), 84102: (0, 1), 84116: (0, 0), 84130: (1, 4), 84144: (0, 2), 84158: (0, 1), 84172: (1, 1), 84186: (0, 5), 84200: (0, 1), 84214: (0, 0), 84228: (1, 1), 84242: (1, 1), 84256: (0, 3), 84270: (0, 1), 84284: (0, 1), 84298: (1, 1), 84312: (1, 6), 84326: (1, 1), 84340: (0, 0), 84354: (0, 0), 84368: (2, 5), 84382: (2, 1), 84396: (2, 1), 84410: (1, 1), 84424: (1, 2), 84438: (1, 3), 84452: (2, 2), 84466: (2, 1), 84480: (0, 0), 84494: (1, 6), 84508: (1, 1), 84522: (0, 0), 84536: (0, 0), 84550: (0, 6), 84564: (1, 1), 84578: (1, 0), 84592: (0, 0), 84606: (0, 4), 84620: (1, 2), 84634: (1, 1), 84648: (1, 0), 84662: (0, 5), 84676: (0, 1), 84690: (1, 1), 84704: (1, 0), 84718: (1, 4), 84732: (1, 1), 84746: (1, 0), 84760: (1, 127), 84774: (1, 3), 84788: (0, 0), 84802: (1, 127), 84816: (0, 126), 84830: (0, 0), 84844: (0, 2), 84858: (1, 1), 84872: (2, 0), 84886: (2, 127), 84900: (2, 4), 84914: (2, 0), 84928: (2, 1), 84942: (1, 0), 84956: (1, 5), 84970: (2, 1), 84984: (2, 0), 84998: (1, 127), 85012: (0, 5), 85026: (1, 1), 85040: (1, 1), 85054: (1, 0), 85068: (1, 5), 85082: (1, 1), 85096: (1, 2), 85110: (0, 0), 85124: (0, 5), 85138: (0, 1), 85152: (0, 0), 85166: (1, 0), 85180: (0, 4), 85194: (1, 1), 85208: (0, 0), 85222: (0, 0), 85236: (1, 5), 85250: (2, 2), 85264: (1, 127), 85278: (0, 127), 85292: (0, 2), 85306: (2, 2), 85320: (2, 1), 85334: (1, 0), 85348: (0, 1), 85362: (0, 2), 85376: (1, 2), 85390: (0, 0), 85404: (0, 1), 85418: (0, 4), 85432: (0, 1), 85446: (0, 1), 85460: (0, 1), 85474: (0, 4), 85488: (1, 2), 85502: (1, 1), 85516: (1, 1), 85530: (0, 6), 85544: (0, 2), 85558: (0, 0), 85572: (1, 1), 85586: (1, 5), 85600: (1, 1), 85614: (0, 127), 85628: (0, 126), 85642: (0, 127), 85656: (0, 2), 85670: (0, 0), 85684: (1, 0), 85698: (1, 127), 85712: (1, 3), 85726: (2, 127), 85740: (1, 0), 85754: (2, 2), 85768: (1, 5), 85782: (1, 2), 85796: (1, 0), 85810: (0, 0), 85824: (0, 3), 85838: (0, 2), 85852: (0, 0), 85866: (0, 0), 85880: (0, 1), 85894: (0, 4), 85908: (0, 1), 85922: (1, 2), 85936: (0, 1), 85950: (0, 4), 85964: (0, 1), 85978: (0, 1), 85992: (1, 1), 86006: (255, 4), 86020: (0, 2), 86034: (0, 1), 86048: (1, 2), 86062: (0, 6), 86076: (0, 3), 86090: (0, 1), 86104: (0, 1), 86118: (0, 6), 86132: (0, 2), 86146: (0, 0), 86160: (0, 1), 86174: (0, 3), 86188: (0, 2), 86202: (0, 1), 86216: (0, 1), 86230: (1, 4), 86244: (1, 3), 86258: (1, 2), 86272: (0, 1), 86286: (0, 1), 86300: (1, 4), 86314: (1, 2), 86328: (0, 1), 86342: (0, 0), 86356: (255, 4), 86370: (0, 1), 86384: (255, 0), 86398: (0, 127), 86412: (1, 4), 86426: (0, 0), 86440: (0, 0), 86454: (0, 0), 86468: (0, 5), 86482: (0, 0), 86496: (0, 0), 86510: (1, 0), 86524: (0, 4), 86538: (0, 1), 86552: (0, 1), 86566: (1, 1), 86580: (1, 5), 86594: (2, 2), 86608: (1, 0), 86622: (1, 0), 86636: (2, 3), 86650: (2, 2), 86664: (2, 1), 86678: (2, 127), 86692: (2, 2), 86706: (1, 0), 86720: (1, 1), 86734: (0, 0), 86748: (0, 1), 86762: (1, 3), 86776: (1, 1), 86790: (0, 0), 86804: (0, 0), 86818: (0, 5), 86832: (0, 1), 86846: (1, 1), 86860: (0, 0), 86874: (255, 5), 86888: (0, 2), 86902: (1, 2), 86916: (2, 1), 86930: (1, 4), 86944: (2, 2), 86958: (2, 3), 86972: (1, 1), 86986: (1, 3), 87000: (1, 2), 87014: (2, 0), 87028: (2, 0), 87042: (1, 0), 87056: (0, 4), 87070: (0, 0), 87084: (0, 0), 87098: (1, 1), 87112: (1, 5), 87126: (0, 1), 87140: (255, 0), 87154: (0, 1), 87168: (0, 5), 87182: (1, 1), 87196: (0, 0), 87210: (255, 0), 87224: (0, 5), 87238: (1, 1), 87252: (0, 0), 87266: (0, 0), 87280: (1, 5), 87294: (0, 0), 87308: (0, 0), 87322: (0, 127), 87336: (0, 5), 87350: (0, 0), 87364: (0, 0), 87378: (0, 0), 87392: (255, 5), 87406: (0, 1), 87420: (1, 1), 87434: (1, 1), 87448: (1, 5), 87462: (0, 1), 87476: (255, 0), 87490: (255, 0), 87504: (0, 1), 87518: (0, 3), 87532: (255, 0), 87546: (0, 0), 87560: (255, 0), 87574: (255, 4), 87588: (0, 2), 87602: (0, 2), 87616: (255, 1), 87630: (255, 0), 87644: (0, 5), 87658: (255, 1), 87672: (255, 1), 87686: (0, 1), 87700: (1, 1), 87714: (1, 5), 87728: (0, 0), 87742: (0, 0), 87756: (0, 0), 87770: (1, 1), 87784: (1, 4), 87798: (0, 1), 87812: (0, 0), 87826: (0, 0), 87840: (1, 127), 87854: (1, 2), 87868: (0, 0), 87882: (255, 127), 87896: (255, 127), 87910: (0, 4), 87924: (0, 0), 87938: (255, 127), 87952: (0, 127), 87966: (1, 0), 87980: (1, 4), 87994: (1, 1), 88008: (1, 1), 88022: (1, 1), 88036: (2, 2), 88050: (1, 1), 88064: (1, 0), 88078: (1, 0), 88092: (2, 1), 88106: (1, 5), 88120: (1, 1), 88134: (0, 0), 88148: (0, 0), 88162: (0, 1), 88176: (1, 3), 88190: (1, 1), 88204: (1, 1), 88218: (0, 0), 88232: (0, 5), 88246: (1, 2), 88260: (1, 1), 88274: (1, 1), 88288: (1, 1), 88302: (1, 4), 88316: (0, 1), 88330: (1, 1), 88344: (0, 1), 88358: (1, 5), 88372: (1, 1), 88386: (1, 0), 88400: (0, 0), 88414: (0, 127), 88428: (0, 3), 88442: (1, 1), 88456: (0, 0), 88470: (255, 127), 88484: (255, 3), 88498: (0, 0), 88512: (0, 127), 88526: (0, 127), 88540: (255, 4), 88554: (0, 1), 88568: (0, 0), 88582: (0, 1), 88596: (0, 4), 88610: (1, 2), 88624: (0, 0), 88638: (1, 2), 88652: (1, 3), 88666: (1, 2), 88680: (1, 3), 88694: (1, 1), 88708: (1, 2), 88722: (1, 2), 88736: (0, 1), 88750: (0, 0), 88764: (1, 1), 88778: (1, 5), 88792: (1, 1), 88806: (0, 0), 88820: (0, 1), 88834: (0, 6), 88848: (0, 2), 88862: (1, 2), 88876: (0, 2), 88890: (0, 5), 88904: (0, 3), 88918: (0, 1), 88932: (0, 1), 88946: (0, 2), 88960: (1, 5), 88974: (1, 2), 88988: (1, 1), 89002: (0, 2), 89016: (0, 5), 89030: (1, 2), 89044: (1, 2), 89058: (0, 1), 89072: (255, 6), 89086: (255, 2), 89100: (0, 1), 89114: (0, 1), 89128: (0, 5), 89142: (0, 3), 89156: (0, 1), 89170: (0, 1), 89184: (0, 3), 89198: (0, 2), 89212: (0, 0), 89226: (0, 0), 89240: (255, 1), 89254: (0, 2), 89268: (255, 0), 89282: (255, 0), 89296: (255, 0), 89310: (0, 3), 89324: (255, 0), 89338: (255, 127), 89352: (255, 0), 89366: (0, 2), 89380: (0, 0), 89394: (255, 127), 89408: (255, 127), 89422: (0, 4), 89436: (0, 127), 89450: (0, 127), 89464: (0, 0), 89478: (255, 0), 89492: (255, 2), 89506: (0, 1), 89520: (1, 1), 89534: (255, 0), 89548: (255, 4), 89562: (0, 2), 89576: (0, 2), 89590: (0, 1), 89604: (0, 1), 89618: (0, 6), 89632: (0, 1), 89646: (0, 1), 89660: (0, 0), 89674: (0, 2), 89688: (0, 2), 89702: (0, 0), 89716: (0, 1), 89730: (0, 0), 89744: (255, 5), 89758: (0, 1), 89772: (0, 1), 89786: (0, 1), 89800: (0, 0), 89814: (0, 4), 89828: (2, 2), 89842: (2, 0), 89856: (1, 0), 89870: (1, 5), 89884: (2, 1), 89898: (2, 127), 89912: (2, 0), 89926: (2, 3), 89940: (1, 2), 89954: (1, 1), 89968: (1, 1), 89982: (1, 1), 89996: (0, 3), 90010: (0, 1), 90024: (0, 1), 90038: (1, 1), 90052: (1, 5), 90066: (0, 3), 90080: (0, 2), 90094: (0, 1), 90108: (1, 6), 90122: (1, 2), 90136: (1, 1), 90150: (0, 1), 90164: (0, 5), 90178: (0, 2), 90192: (0, 1), 90206: (1, 1), 90220: (0, 4), 90234: (0, 1), 90248: (0, 0), 90262: (0, 0), 90276: (0, 2), 90290: (0, 0), 90304: (0, 0), 90318: (0, 0), 90332: (255, 2), 90346: (255, 0), 90360: (255, 0), 90374: (0, 0), 90388: (1, 3), 90402: (0, 1), 90416: (0, 0), 90430: (0, 0), 90444: (1, 0), 90458: (2, 2), 90472: (2, 0), 90486: (2, 1), 90500: (1, 0), 90514: (1, 4), 90528: (0, 1), 90542: (0, 0), 90556: (0, 2), 90570: (1, 6), 90584: (0, 2), 90598: (0, 1), 90612: (0, 0), 90626: (0, 5), 90640: (2, 2), 90654: (1, 1), 90668: (0, 0), 90682: (0, 3), 90696: (0, 1), 90710: (1, 0), 90724: (1, 127), 90738: (0, 126), 90752: (0, 2), 90766: (1, 1), 90780: (2, 0), 90794: (1, 127), 90808: (1, 3), 90822: (2, 127), 90836: (2, 127), 90850: (1, 0), 90864: (1, 4), 90878: (1, 1), 90892: (1, 0), 90906: (0, 0), 90920: (0, 5), 90934: (0, 1), 90948: (0, 127), 90962: (0, 0), 90976: (0, 5), 90990: (1, 0), 91004: (0, 0), 91018: (255, 0), 91032: (0, 5), 91046: (1, 1), 91060: (1, 1), 91074: (0, 3), 91088: (0, 2), 91102: (0, 1), 91116: (1, 0), 91130: (0, 4), 91144: (0, 1), 91158: (0, 1), 91172: (0, 1), 91186: (0, 6), 91200: (0, 1), 91214: (0, 1), 91228: (0, 1), 91242: (0, 6), 91256: (0, 1), 91270: (255, 0), 91284: (255, 2), 91298: (0, 2), 91312: (0, 0), 91326: (0, 0), 91340: (255, 4), 91354: (255, 0), 91368: (0, 0), 91382: (0, 0), 91396: (0, 4), 91410: (0, 0), 91424: (255, 127), 91438: (255, 2), 91452: (0, 1), 91466: (255, 0), 91480: (255, 0), 91494: (255, 5), 91508: (0, 1), 91522: (255, 0), 91536: (254, 127), 91550: (255, 4), 91564: (0, 0), 91578: (0, 1), 91592: (0, 1), 91606: (255, 3), 91620: (255, 1), 91634: (0, 1), 91648: (0, 2), 91662: (0, 4), 91676: (0, 2), 91690: (255, 1), 91704: (255, 3), 91718: (0, 4), 91732: (0, 1), 91746: (0, 1), 91760: (0, 3), 91774: (0, 4), 91788: (0, 1), 91802: (255, 0), 91816: (0, 3), 91830: (1, 3), 91844: (1, 0), 91858: (0, 0), 91872: (0, 1), 91886: (0, 4), 91900: (1, 2), 91914: (1, 1), 91928: (1, 3), 91942: (0, 4), 91956: (255, 1), 91970: (0, 0), 91984: (1, 4), 91998: (0, 3), 92012: (0, 1), 92026: (0, 1), 92040: (0, 5), 92054: (0, 2), 92068: (0, 2), 92082: (0, 0), 92096: (0, 5), 92110: (0, 2), 92124: (0, 1), 92138: (255, 0), 92152: (0, 6), 92166: (0, 1), 92180: (0, 1), 92194: (0, 1), 92208: (255, 3), 92222: (255, 0), 92236: (0, 0), 92250: (0, 3), 92264: (0, 1), 92278: (255, 0), 92292: (255, 127), 92306: (255, 5), 92320: (1, 1), 92334: (1, 127), 92348: (1, 127), 92362: (2, 8), 92376: (2, 2), 92390: (1, 1), 92404: (0, 0), 92418: (0, 5), 92432: (1, 1), 92446: (1, 1), 92460: (0, 0), 92474: (255, 5), 92488: (255, 1), 92502: (0, 1), 92516: (0, 1), 92530: (0, 3), 92544: (0, 1), 92558: (0, 0), 92572: (0, 3), 92586: (0, 3), 92600: (1, 1), 92614: (0, 2), 92628: (255, 4), 92642: (0, 2), 92656: (0, 0), 92670: (1, 2), 92684: (255, 4), 92698: (255, 2), 92712: (0, 1), 92726: (0, 0), 92740: (0, 5), 92754: (0, 1), 92768: (0, 1), 92782: (0, 0), 92796: (255, 7), 92810: (0, 1), 92824: (0, 0), 92838: (0, 1), 92852: (0, 6), 92866: (255, 1), 92880: (0, 0), 92894: (0, 2), 92908: (0, 4), 92922: (0, 2), 92936: (0, 2), 92950: (255, 3), 92964: (0, 2), 92978: (0, 1), 92992: (0, 0), 93006: (255, 5), 93020: (0, 2), 93034: (0, 1), 93048: (0, 1), 93062: (0, 5), 93076: (0, 2), 93090: (0, 2), 93104: (1, 1), 93118: (255, 6), 93132: (255, 1), 93146: (0, 0), 93160: (1, 0), 93174: (0, 6), 93188: (0, 0), 93202: (255, 0), 93216: (255, 2), 93230: (0, 2), 93244: (0, 0), 93258: (255, 127), 93272: (255, 4), 93286: (255, 0), 93300: (255, 127), 93314: (0, 127), 93328: (0, 4), 93342: (0, 0), 93356: (255, 127), 93370: (255, 2), 93384: (0, 1), 93398: (255, 127), 93412: (255, 127), 93426: (255, 3), 93440: (0, 127), 93454: (255, 126), 93468: (255, 126), 93482: (255, 4), 93496: (255, 0), 93510: (255, 127), 93524: (255, 0), 93538: (255, 4), 93552: (255, 1), 93566: (0, 1), 93580: (0, 1), 93594: (1, 3), 93608: (1, 1), 93622: (2, 0), 93636: (1, 1), 93650: (6, 3), 93664: (3, 5), 93678: (1, 0), 93692: (0, 127), 93706: (0, 0), 93720: (0, 5), 93734: (0, 1), 93748: (0, 0), 93762: (5, 0), 93776: (1, 5), 93790: (1, 1), 93804: (253, 0), 93818: (0, 0), 93832: (2, 5), 93846: (2, 1), 93860: (0, 0), 93874: (255, 0), 93888: (255, 4), 93902: (255, 0), 93916: (255, 0), 93930: (0, 127), 93944: (255, 4), 93958: (255, 0), 93972: (255, 127), 93986: (255, 127), 94000: (255, 4), 94014: (0, 127), 94028: (255, 127), 94042: (255, 127), 94056: (255, 3), 94070: (255, 126), 94084: (254, 127), 94098: (255, 0), 94112: (0, 2), 94126: (255, 1), 94140: (255, 1), 94154: (255, 0), 94168: (255, 3), 94182: (0, 1), 94196: (0, 1), 94210: (0, 0), 94224: (255, 4), 94238: (0, 1), 94252: (1, 1), 94266: (1, 0), 94280: (1, 6), 94294: (5, 1), 6: (255, 8), 20: (252, 12), 34: (246, 8), 48: (9, 3), 62: (246, 9), 76: (11, 4), 90: (249, 119), 104: (245, 10), 118: (10, 5), 132: (9, 5), 146: (249, 11), 160: (8, 4), 174: (9, 3), 188: (251, 119), 202: (13, 5), 216: (246, 9), 230: (12, 4), 244: (10, 9), 258: (245, 11), 272: (245, 10), 286: (11, 6), 300: (13, 4), 314: (243, 7), 328: (7, 7), 342: (252, 122), 356: (8, 10), 370: (248, 10), 384: (9, 7), 398: (245, 11), 412: (7, 8), 426: (8, 6), 440: (246, 11), 454: (9, 12), 468: (9, 8), 482: (247, 12), 496: (244, 9), 510: (245, 9), 524: (10, 2), 538: (250, 9), 552: (7, 7), 566: (249, 12), 580: (10, 5), 594: (8, 6), 608: (10, 6), 622: (9, 11), 636: (246, 9), 650: (8, 7), 664: (8, 6), 678: (249, 10), 692: (244, 12), 706: (245, 11), 720: (9, 5), 734: (10, 8), 748: (8, 7), 762: (4, 4), 776: (252, 124), 790: (252, 122), 804: (254, 125), 818: (253, 123), 832: (0, 126), 846: (0, 126), 860: (255, 124), 874: (255, 125), 888: (0, 125), 902: (0, 126), 916: (0, 126), 930: (0, 125), 944: (1, 125), 958: (0, 125), 972: (0, 125), 986: (0, 1), 1000: (0, 125), 1014: (1, 125), 1028: (1, 125), 1042: (1, 125), 1056: (0, 1), 1070: (1, 125), 1084: (1, 125), 1098: (1, 125), 1112: (255, 124), 1126: (0, 127), 1140: (2, 126), 1154: (1, 125), 1168: (0, 124), 1182: (0, 124), 1196: (1, 2), 1210: (1, 127), 1224: (1, 126), 1238: (1, 126), 1252: (0, 126), 1266: (0, 3), 1280: (2, 127), 1294: (1, 126), 1308: (0, 126), 1322: (1, 127), 1336: (2, 1), 1350: (1, 126), 1364: (1, 125), 1378: (1, 125), 1392: (1, 4), 1406: (2, 125), 1420: (2, 125), 1434: (2, 125), 1448: (1, 127), 1462: (1, 126), 1476: (2, 125), 1490: (2, 126), 1504: (0, 124), 1518: (1, 1), 1532: (2, 124), 1546: (2, 124), 1560: (1, 124), 1574: (1, 1), 1588: (2, 126), 1602: (2, 125), 1616: (1, 125), 1630: (1, 125), 1644: (1, 2), 1658: (0, 125), 1672: (1, 125), 1686: (1, 125), 1700: (1, 1), 1714: (0, 126), 1728: (0, 125), 1742: (0, 125), 1756: (0, 1), 1770: (1, 127), 1784: (1, 126), 1798: (2, 127), 1812: (1, 126), 1826: (1, 2), 1840: (1, 127), 1854: (1, 126), 1868: (1, 126), 1882: (1, 3), 1896: (0, 126), 1910: (0, 126), 1924: (1, 126), 1938: (1, 3), 1952: (1, 127), 1966: (1, 126), 1980: (0, 126), 1994: (0, 127), 2008: (1, 1), 2022: (1, 127), 2036: (1, 127), 2050: (1, 126), 2064: (1, 4), 2078: (1, 0), 2092: (1, 126), 2106: (0, 126), 2120: (1, 4), 2134: (2, 127), 2148: (1, 127), 2162: (1, 127), 2176: (0, 127), 2190: (1, 1), 2204: (1, 127), 2218: (1, 126), 2232: (1, 125), 2246: (1, 2), 2260: (1, 125), 2274: (2, 126), 2288: (2, 126), 2302: (1, 2), 2316: (1, 127), 2330: (2, 126), 2344: (1, 126), 2358: (1, 126), 2372: (1, 0), 2386: (2, 127), 2400: (1, 126), 2414: (0, 126), 2428: (0, 1), 2442: (1, 127), 2456: (1, 126), 2470: (2, 126), 2484: (3, 126), 2498: (1, 3), 2512: (1, 126), 2526: (1, 125), 2540: (3, 125), 2554: (3, 1), 2568: (3, 125), 2582: (3, 125), 2596: (2, 125), 2610: (1, 0), 2624: (2, 127), 2638: (2, 126), 2652: (1, 126), 2666: (1, 125), 2680: (1, 1), 2694: (1, 127), 2708: (0, 126), 2722: (1, 125), 2736: (2, 3), 2750: (2, 126), 2764: (1, 125), 2778: (1, 125), 2792: (2, 1), 2806: (1, 0), 2820: (1, 126), 2834: (2, 126), 2848: (1, 0), 2862: (1, 0), 2876: (2, 126), 2890: (2, 125), 2904: (1, 125), 2918: (1, 0), 2932: (1, 127), 2946: (1, 125), 2960: (0, 125), 2974: (1, 125), 2988: (2, 1), 3002: (1, 127), 3016: (0, 126), 3030: (1, 126), 3044: (1, 1), 3058: (2, 126), 3072: (2, 124), 3086: (2, 124), 3100: (1, 1), 3114: (1, 125), 3128: (1, 125), 3142: (2, 125), 3156: (1, 2), 3170: (0, 125), 3184: (1, 126), 3198: (2, 126), 3212: (1, 2), 3226: (2, 127), 3240: (2, 126), 3254: (1, 125), 3268: (1, 0), 3282: (1, 0), 3296: (1, 126), 3310: (1, 126), 3324: (1, 126), 3338: (2, 2), 3352: (1, 127), 3366: (0, 125), 3380: (1, 125), 3394: (1, 3), 3408: (2, 126), 3422: (1, 125), 3436: (0, 124), 3450: (0, 2), 3464: (2, 125), 3478: (3, 126), 3492: (3, 125), 3506: (1, 3), 3520: (2, 126), 3534: (3, 126), 3548: (3, 126), 3562: (2, 2), 3576: (2, 127), 3590: (2, 126), 3604: (2, 126), 3618: (2, 0), 3632: (1, 0), 3646: (2, 126), 3660: (3, 126), 3674: (3, 125), 3688: (2, 2), 3702: (1, 126), 3716: (3, 126), 3730: (4, 125), 3744: (4, 2), 3758: (2, 126), 3772: (1, 125), 3786: (1, 124), 3800: (2, 126), 3814: (2, 127), 3828: (2, 125), 3842: (2, 125), 3856: (0, 124), 3870: (1, 1), 3884: (1, 126), 3898: (1, 125), 3912: (1, 125), 3926: (2, 3), 3940: (2, 126), 3954: (1, 125), 3968: (2, 125), 3982: (3, 1), 3996: (3, 0), 4010: (4, 127), 4024: (3, 126), 4038: (2, 0), 4052: (2, 127), 4066: (2, 126), 4080: (2, 126), 4094: (1, 126), 4108: (0, 2), 4122: (1, 126), 4136: (1, 126), 4150: (1, 126), 4164: (2, 4), 4178: (2, 125), 4192: (2, 125), 4206: (2, 126), 4220: (1, 1), 4234: (2, 127), 4248: (1, 125), 4262: (1, 125), 4276: (2, 125), 4290: (2, 2), 4304: (0, 126), 4318: (1, 125), 4332: (2, 126), 4346: (2, 3), 4360: (1, 126), 4374: (0, 125), 4388: (1, 125), 4402: (2, 126), 4416: (2, 127), 4430: (2, 125), 4444: (1, 125), 4458: (1, 125), 4472: (2, 2), 4486: (2, 126), 4500: (0, 125), 4514: (0, 124), 4528: (1, 3), 4542: (1, 126), 4556: (0, 125), 4570: (1, 125), 4584: (2, 1), 4598: (1, 127), 4612: (1, 125), 4626: (1, 125), 4640: (1, 125), 4654: (2, 125), 4668: (2, 125), 4682: (2, 125), 4696: (1, 2), 4710: (1, 126), 4724: (2, 126), 4738: (2, 125), 4752: (2, 126), 4766: (1, 125), 4780: (1, 1), 4794: (1, 126), 4808: (2, 125), 4822: (2, 125), 4836: (2, 125), 4850: (1, 1), 4864: (1, 126), 4878: (3, 126), 4892: (4, 125), 4906: (3, 124), 4920: (3, 125), 4934: (4, 127), 4948: (3, 125), 4962: (1, 124), 4976: (2, 124), 4990: (2, 2), 5004: (2, 126), 5018: (1, 125), 5032: (1, 124), 5046: (1, 125), 5060: (2, 1), 5074: (3, 126), 5088: (2, 125), 5102: (2, 125), 5116: (1, 0), 5130: (2, 127), 5144: (2, 125), 5158: (1, 125), 5172: (2, 125), 5186: (2, 1), 5200: (2, 126), 5214: (2, 125), 5228: (3, 124), 5242: (4, 126), 5256: (2, 127), 5270: (2, 125), 5284: (2, 125), 5298: (1, 125), 5312: (2, 2), 5326: (2, 126), 5340: (2, 126), 5354: (2, 125), 5368: (1, 1), 5382: (1, 126), 5396: (2, 124), 5410: (2, 125), 5424: (2, 124), 5438: (2, 0), 5452: (1, 124), 5466: (1, 123), 5480: (3, 123), 5494: (3, 126), 5508: (2, 125), 5522: (1, 125), 5536: (2, 126), 5550: (2, 127), 5564: (1, 3), 5578: (1, 126), 5592: (1, 126), 5606: (2, 126), 5620: (1, 127), 5634: (2, 127), 5648: (2, 124), 5662: (3, 124), 5676: (3, 123), 5690: (2, 1), 5704: (1, 125), 5718: (1, 125), 5732: (1, 125), 5746: (2, 125), 5760: (2, 1), 5774: (1, 125), 5788: (1, 125), 5802: (2, 125), 5816: (2, 2), 5830: (2, 126), 5844: (3, 125), 5858: (2, 125), 5872: (2, 127), 5886: (1, 127), 5900: (1, 126), 5914: (1, 125), 5928: (2, 125), 5942: (1, 2), 5956: (1, 127), 5970: (1, 126), 5984: (1, 126), 5998: (2, 126), 6012: (2, 2), 6026: (1, 127), 6040: (1, 126), 6054: (0, 126), 6068: (1, 3), 6082: (3, 0), 6096: (1, 126), 6110: (0, 126), 6124: (0, 126), 6138: (2, 2), 6152: (1, 127), 6166: (0, 126), 6180: (1, 127), 6194: (1, 4), 6208: (1, 127), 6222: (1, 126), 6236: (1, 126), 6250: (2, 1), 6264: (2, 126), 6278: (2, 124), 6292: (2, 124), 6306: (1, 125), 6320: (1, 3), 6334: (2, 126), 6348: (2, 127), 6362: (0, 126), 6376: (0, 2), 6390: (1, 127), 6404: (2, 126), 6418: (2, 127), 6432: (2, 127), 6446: (1, 0), 6460: (2, 126), 6474: (2, 126), 6488: (1, 125), 6502: (1, 2), 6516: (2, 125), 6530: (3, 125), 6544: (2, 125), 6558: (0, 2), 6572: (1, 127), 6586: (3, 127), 6600: (3, 127), 6614: (2, 126), 6628: (2, 1), 6642: (1, 126), 6656: (1, 126), 6670: (2, 126), 6684: (2, 3), 6698: (1, 126), 6712: (0, 125), 6726: (1, 125), 6740: (2, 3), 6754: (1, 126), 6768: (1, 125), 6782: (1, 125), 6796: (1, 125), 6810: (1, 2), 6824: (1, 126), 6838: (1, 125), 6852: (1, 125), 6866: (0, 125), 6880: (1, 2), 6894: (1, 126), 6908: (0, 125), 6922: (1, 125), 6936: (2, 127), 6950: (2, 3), 6964: (1, 126), 6978: (1, 126), 6992: (1, 126), 7006: (1, 127), 7020: (2, 1), 7034: (1, 126), 7048: (0, 126), 7062: (1, 126), 7076: (1, 4), 7090: (2, 127), 7104: (1, 126), 7118: (1, 126), 7132: (1, 0), 7146: (1, 1), 7160: (0, 127), 7174: (1, 126), 7188: (2, 127), 7202: (1, 4), 7216: (1, 127), 7230: (1, 127), 7244: (1, 126), 7258: (0, 0), 7272: (2, 1), 7286: (2, 127), 7300: (2, 127), 7314: (0, 126), 7328: (1, 5), 7342: (1, 127), 7356: (1, 126), 7370: (1, 127), 7384: (1, 3), 7398: (2, 127), 7412: (0, 126), 7426: (1, 127), 7440: (1, 127), 7454: (3, 1), 7468: (3, 126), 7482: (3, 126), 7496: (1, 126), 7510: (0, 3), 7524: (1, 0), 7538: (2, 126), 7552: (1, 127), 7566: (1, 3), 7580: (1, 0), 7594: (1, 126), 7608: (2, 125), 7622: (2, 0), 7636: (2, 126), 7650: (1, 125), 7664: (1, 125), 7678: (1, 0), 7692: (1, 127), 7706: (1, 125), 7720: (1, 125), 7734: (1, 0), 7748: (1, 127), 7762: (1, 125), 7776: (0, 125), 7790: (1, 127), 7804: (1, 127), 7818: (1, 126), 7832: (1, 125), 7846: (0, 125), 7860: (0, 0), 7874: (1, 126), 7888: (1, 125), 7902: (0, 125), 7916: (0, 2), 7930: (1, 126), 7944: (1, 127), 7958: (1, 126), 7972: (1, 3), 7986: (1, 0), 8000: (1, 127), 8014: (0, 126), 8028: (0, 126), 8042: (1, 3), 8056: (1, 127), 8070: (1, 127), 8084: (2, 127), 8098: (1, 3), 8112: (1, 126), 8126: (2, 126), 8140: (3, 125), 8154: (1, 127), 8168: (1, 125), 8182: (1, 125), 8196: (2, 125), 8210: (1, 124), 8224: (1, 0), 8238: (1, 126), 8252: (1, 125), 8266: (1, 125), 8280: (2, 3), 8294: (2, 127), 8308: (1, 125), 8322: (1, 125), 8336: (2, 2), 8350: (2, 0), 8364: (1, 126), 8378: (2, 126), 8392: (2, 127), 8406: (2, 2), 8420: (3, 127), 8434: (3, 126), 8448: (3, 125), 8462: (2, 4), 8476: (2, 127), 8490: (1, 127), 8504: (1, 126), 8518: (1, 4), 8532: (2, 0), 8546: (2, 127), 8560: (2, 126), 8574: (1, 1), 8588: (2, 127), 8602: (2, 126), 8616: (2, 125), 8630: (2, 0), 8644: (2, 127), 8658: (1, 124), 8672: (1, 124), 8686: (1, 125), 8700: (1, 0), 8714: (1, 125), 8728: (1, 125), 8742: (1, 126), 8756: (0, 0), 8770: (2, 126), 8784: (4, 124), 8798: (3, 127), 8812: (3, 125), 8826: (2, 124), 8840: (3, 125), 8854: (2, 0), 8868: (3, 126), 8882: (3, 125), 8896: (2, 125), 8910: (1, 1), 8924: (3, 0), 8938: (3, 125), 8952: (3, 125), 8966: (2, 3), 8980: (2, 126), 8994: (2, 126), 9008: (1, 126), 9022: (2, 2), 9036: (2, 126), 9050: (2, 126), 9064: (2, 0), 9078: (2, 0), 9092: (1, 126), 9106: (1, 125), 9120: (1, 3), 9134: (2, 127), 9148: (1, 125), 9162: (1, 125), 9176: (1, 2), 9190: (1, 126), 9204: (1, 126), 9218: (2, 2), 9232: (1, 0), 9246: (1, 126), 9260: (0, 126), 9274: (1, 4), 9288: (2, 127), 9302: (1, 127), 9316: (1, 127), 9330: (1, 4), 9344: (1, 127), 9358: (0, 126), 9372: (1, 3), 9386: (2, 0), 9400: (2, 127), 9414: (1, 126), 9428: (1, 5), 9442: (1, 127), 9456: (1, 126), 9470: (2, 1), 9484: (3, 2), 9498: (1, 127), 9512: (0, 127), 9526: (2, 4), 9540: (3, 0), 9554: (1, 126), 9568: (1, 126), 9582: (2, 4), 9596: (2, 126), 9610: (2, 125), 9624: (1, 0), 9638: (2, 1), 9652: (1, 126), 9666: (0, 126), 9680: (1, 4), 9694: (2, 127), 9708: (1, 126), 9722: (1, 126), 9736: (2, 4), 9750: (1, 126), 9764: (0, 126), 9778: (1, 1), 9792: (2, 0), 9806: (2, 127), 9820: (1, 126), 9834: (0, 3), 9848: (0, 127), 9862: (0, 126), 9876: (2, 127), 9890: (2, 5), 9904: (1, 127), 9918: (1, 127), 9932: (1, 127), 9946: (1, 2), 9960: (1, 127), 9974: (1, 126), 9988: (1, 1), 10002: (1, 1), 10016: (1, 127), 10030: (1, 127), 10044: (1, 126), 10058: (2, 3), 10072: (2, 0), 10086: (2, 127), 10100: (0, 127), 10114: (0, 1), 10128: (2, 127), 10142: (2, 126), 10156: (1, 0), 10170: (1, 1), 10184: (1, 126), 10198: (1, 126), 10212: (1, 2), 10226: (2, 1), 10240: (1, 126), 10254: (1, 126), 10268: (1, 3), 10282: (1, 0), 10296: (1, 127), 10310: (1, 126), 10324: (1, 2), 10338: (2, 1), 10352: (0, 126), 10366: (0, 126), 10380: (1, 2), 10394: (2, 0), 10408: (1, 126), 10422: (0, 127), 10436: (1, 3), 10450: (3, 127), 10464: (3, 127), 10478: (3, 126), 10492: (2, 5), 10506: (2, 127), 10520: (1, 127), 10534: (2, 127), 10548: (1, 4), 10562: (1, 0), 10576: (1, 127), 10590: (2, 126), 10604: (1, 5), 10618: (2, 126), 10632: (2, 125), 10646: (1, 125), 10660: (1, 4), 10674: (3, 125), 10688: (2, 125), 10702: (0, 125), 10716: (1, 3), 10730: (2, 126), 10744: (2, 126), 10758: (1, 125), 10772: (1, 3), 10786: (3, 125), 10800: (2, 124), 10814: (3, 124), 10828: (2, 4), 10842: (2, 126), 10856: (2, 127), 10870: (2, 126), 10884: (2, 4), 10898: (1, 127), 10912: (1, 126), 10926: (2, 127), 10940: (2, 6), 10954: (1, 127), 10968: (0, 126), 10982: (2, 127), 10996: (2, 5), 11010: (2, 0), 11024: (1, 127), 11038: (1, 126), 11052: (1, 5), 11066: (1, 0), 11080: (1, 126), 11094: (1, 127), 11108: (0, 5), 11122: (1, 127), 11136: (2, 127), 11150: (1, 127), 11164: (1, 5), 11178: (1, 127), 11192: (1, 127), 11206: (1, 126), 11220: (1, 5), 11234: (2, 0), 11248: (3, 127), 11262: (2, 127), 11276: (3, 5), 11290: (3, 0), 11304: (3, 126), 11318: (3, 125), 11332: (3, 4), 11346: (2, 127), 11360: (1, 127), 11374: (1, 126), 11388: (2, 4), 11402: (2, 127), 11416: (1, 126), 11430: (2, 126), 11444: (2, 2), 11458: (1, 126), 11472: (1, 125), 11486: (2, 125), 11500: (2, 1), 11514: (1, 124), 11528: (1, 125), 11542: (1, 125), 11556: (1, 2), 11570: (1, 126), 11584: (1, 125), 11598: (2, 125), 11612: (1, 3), 11626: (1, 125), 11640: (2, 125), 11654: (1, 125), 11668: (1, 3), 11682: (2, 127), 11696: (1, 125), 11710: (0, 125), 11724: (1, 127), 11738: (2, 0), 11752: (1, 126), 11766: (0, 125), 11780: (0, 125), 11794: (1, 125), 11808: (0, 4), 11822: (1, 127), 11836: (1, 126), 11850: (1, 127), 11864: (1, 126), 11878: (2, 4), 11892: (2, 127), 11906: (1, 126), 11920: (1, 126), 11934: (2, 2), 11948: (2, 127), 11962: (0, 126), 11976: (0, 125), 11990: (1, 125), 12004: (1, 3), 12018: (1, 127), 12032: (0, 126), 12046: (0, 126), 12060: (1, 127), 12074: (2, 3), 12088: (2, 126), 12102: (1, 127), 12116: (1, 126), 12130: (1, 1), 12144: (2, 0), 12158: (1, 126), 12172: (1, 126), 12186: (2, 126), 12200: (2, 4), 12214: (2, 127), 12228: (2, 126), 12242: (2, 126), 12256: (1, 3), 12270: (1, 127), 12284: (1, 127), 12298: (0, 127), 12312: (1, 127), 12326: (2, 2), 12340: (2, 127), 12354: (1, 127), 12368: (0, 126), 12382: (1, 3), 12396: (2, 0), 12410: (1, 126), 12424: (1, 127), 12438: (2, 4), 12452: (1, 127), 12466: (1, 126), 12480: (1, 127), 12494: (1, 4), 12508: (1, 127), 12522: (1, 126), 12536: (1, 127), 12550: (1, 3), 12564: (1, 0), 12578: (1, 126), 12592: (2, 127), 12606: (2, 126), 12620: (1, 4), 12634: (1, 127), 12648: (1, 126), 12662: (1, 126), 12676: (2, 4), 12690: (1, 0), 12704: (0, 127), 12718: (0, 127), 12732: (1, 0), 12746: (1, 1), 12760: (1, 127), 12774: (0, 126), 12788: (0, 126), 12802: (1, 4), 12816: (1, 127), 12830: (1, 127), 12844: (1, 127), 12858: (1, 3), 12872: (1, 0), 12886: (1, 127), 12900: (1, 127), 12914: (1, 127), 12928: (2, 1), 12942: (2, 127), 12956: (1, 126), 12970: (0, 126), 12984: (1, 3), 12998: (1, 126), 13012: (1, 126), 13026: (1, 126), 13040: (1, 4), 13054: (1, 126), 13068: (1, 126), 13082: (2, 127), 13096: (1, 4), 13110: (1, 0), 13124: (1, 127), 13138: (1, 127), 13152: (0, 3), 13166: (0, 127), 13180: (2, 127), 13194: (2, 126), 13208: (1, 1), 13222: (0, 0), 13236: (1, 126), 13250: (1, 126), 13264: (2, 127), 13278: (2, 2), 13292: (1, 127), 13306: (1, 126), 13320: (1, 126), 13334: (1, 4), 13348: (1, 127), 13362: (1, 126), 13376: (1, 126), 13390: (1, 3), 13404: (1, 0), 13418: (1, 127), 13432: (1, 127), 13446: (1, 127), 13460: (0, 2), 13474: (0, 126), 13488: (0, 126), 13502: (0, 126), 13516: (0, 3), 13530: (1, 127), 13544: (2, 126), 13558: (0, 126), 13572: (0, 3), 13586: (1, 127), 13600: (1, 126), 13614: (1, 126), 13628: (1, 1), 13642: (1, 0), 13656: (0, 127), 13670: (1, 127), 13684: (1, 127), 13698: (1, 3), 13712: (1, 127), 13726: (0, 126), 13740: (0, 126), 13754: (0, 3), 13768: (1, 0), 13782: (1, 127), 13796: (1, 127), 13810: (0, 1), 13824: (0, 1), 13838: (1, 127), 13852: (2, 0), 13866: (1, 127), 13880: (1, 4), 13894: (1, 1), 13908: (0, 127), 13922: (0, 126), 13936: (2, 0), 13950: (1, 2), 13964: (0, 127), 13978: (0, 127), 13992: (1, 127), 14006: (1, 2), 14020: (1, 0), 14034: (1, 127), 14048: (1, 127), 14062: (1, 127), 14076: (0, 4), 14090: (1, 127), 14104: (1, 127), 14118: (1, 127), 14132: (1, 1), 14146: (1, 1), 14160: (0, 127), 14174: (0, 126), 14188: (1, 126), 14202: (2, 5), 14216: (2, 0), 14230: (1, 126), 14244: (2, 126), 14258: (2, 4), 14272: (3, 1), 14286: (2, 127), 14300: (1, 126), 14314: (1, 126), 14328: (1, 1), 14342: (1, 127), 14356: (1, 126), 14370: (1, 126), 14384: (1, 5), 14398: (2, 127), 14412: (1, 126), 14426: (1, 125), 14440: (1, 2), 14454: (2, 0), 14468: (1, 127), 14482: (1, 127), 14496: (1, 1), 14510: (0, 0), 14524: (1, 127), 14538: (2, 127), 14552: (1, 125), 14566: (1, 4), 14580: (1, 126), 14594: (1, 126), 14608: (1, 125), 14622: (1, 4), 14636: (2, 127), 14650: (2, 126), 14664: (1, 125), 14678: (1, 2), 14692: (1, 127), 14706: (1, 126), 14720: (1, 125), 14734: (1, 125), 14748: (1, 3), 14762: (1, 126), 14776: (1, 126), 14790: (2, 126), 14804: (2, 126), 14818: (1, 3), 14832: (2, 0), 14846: (1, 126), 14860: (0, 126), 14874: (1, 2), 14888: (1, 127), 14902: (1, 127), 14916: (0, 126), 14930: (1, 126), 14944: (1, 4), 14958: (1, 0), 14972: (0, 126), 14986: (1, 126), 15000: (1, 3), 15014: (1, 127), 15028: (1, 127), 15042: (2, 127), 15056: (2, 127), 15070: (1, 127), 15084: (1, 127), 15098: (0, 1), 15112: (1, 127), 15126: (1, 127), 15140: (2, 127), 15154: (1, 127), 15168: (1, 0), 15182: (1, 127), 15196: (2, 127), 15210: (1, 127), 15224: (0, 3), 15238: (1, 0), 15252: (1, 127), 15266: (1, 127), 15280: (1, 0), 15294: (2, 1), 15308: (2, 127), 15322: (1, 126), 15336: (2, 126), 15350: (1, 127), 15364: (1, 1), 15378: (1, 127), 15392: (2, 126), 15406: (1, 126), 15420: (0, 1), 15434: (0, 126), 15448: (1, 126), 15462: (1, 125), 15476: (0, 2), 15490: (1, 0), 15504: (1, 127), 15518: (1, 127), 15532: (1, 0), 15546: (2, 2), 15560: (1, 0), 15574: (0, 126), 15588: (1, 126), 15602: (2, 3), 15616: (1, 127), 15630: (1, 126), 15644: (1, 125), 15658: (1, 2), 15672: (1, 127), 15686: (1, 126), 15700: (1, 126), 15714: (2, 0), 15728: (2, 1), 15742: (1, 127), 15756: (1, 127), 15770: (1, 126), 15784: (2, 3), 15798: (2, 0), 15812: (2, 0), 15826: (1, 126), 15840: (1, 126), 15854: (1, 3), 15868: (2, 0), 15882: (3, 0), 15896: (3, 126), 15910: (2, 3), 15924: (2, 0), 15938: (4, 127), 15952: (4, 126), 15966: (3, 125), 15980: (2, 2), 15994: (3, 126), 16008: (2, 127), 16022: (1, 126), 16036: (1, 4), 16050: (2, 0), 16064: (1, 127), 16078: (1, 127), 16092: (1, 2), 16106: (1, 0), 16120: (1, 127), 16134: (3, 127), 16148: (2, 127), 16162: (1, 2), 16176: (0, 126), 16190: (1, 126), 16204: (2, 127), 16218: (1, 3), 16232: (1, 127), 16246: (1, 126), 16260: (1, 125), 16274: (1, 127), 16288: (1, 1), 16302: (2, 127), 16316: (2, 126), 16330: (2, 127), 16344: (2, 4), 16358: (2, 127), 16372: (2, 126), 16386: (2, 126), 16400: (3, 2), 16414: (2, 0), 16428: (1, 126), 16442: (2, 126), 16456: (3, 126), 16470: (3, 4), 16484: (3, 126), 16498: (2, 125), 16512: (1, 126), 16526: (2, 1), 16540: (2, 1), 16554: (2, 0), 16568: (1, 126), 16582: (1, 127), 16596: (2, 4), 16610: (2, 127), 16624: (3, 0), 16638: (4, 127), 16652: (3, 127), 16666: (2, 5), 16680: (2, 126), 16694: (3, 126), 16708: (2, 126), 16722: (2, 3), 16736: (3, 1), 16750: (2, 0), 16764: (1, 127), 16778: (1, 127), 16792: (2, 2), 16806: (3, 0), 16820: (1, 126), 16834: (0, 126), 16848: (2, 4), 16862: (2, 127), 16876: (1, 126), 16890: (1, 126), 16904: (1, 4), 16918: (1, 127), 16932: (1, 126), 16946: (2, 127), 16960: (2, 1), 16974: (1, 0), 16988: (1, 127), 17002: (2, 126), 17016: (1, 126), 17030: (2, 3), 17044: (2, 127), 17058: (2, 127), 17072: (1, 126), 17086: (0, 125), 17100: (0, 3), 17114: (1, 127), 17128: (1, 127), 17142: (2, 127), 17156: (2, 127), 17170: (1, 4), 17184: (1, 0), 17198: (2, 127), 17212: (2, 127), 17226: (1, 2), 17240: (3, 1), 17254: (3, 127), 17268: (2, 0), 17282: (3, 0), 17296: (3, 5), 17310: (3, 0), 17324: (3, 127), 17338: (3, 126), 17352: (2, 3), 17366: (1, 127), 17380: (2, 126), 17394: (3, 126), 17408: (2, 126), 17422: (1, 4), 17436: (2, 126), 17450: (2, 126), 17464: (2, 126), 17478: (2, 3), 17492: (3, 127), 17506: (2, 126), 17520: (1, 125), 17534: (2, 127), 17548: (3, 0), 17562: (2, 125), 17576: (2, 124), 17590: (2, 125), 17604: (2, 4), 17618: (1, 127), 17632: (1, 127), 17646: (2, 126), 17660: (2, 4), 17674: (2, 0), 17688: (2, 0), 17702: (2, 0), 17716: (2, 1), 17730: (2, 2), 17744: (2, 0), 17758: (2, 0), 17772: (1, 127), 17786: (1, 5), 17800: (2, 1), 17814: (1, 127), 17828: (1, 127), 17842: (1, 4), 17856: (2, 1), 17870: (1, 127), 17884: (1, 127), 17898: (1, 1), 17912: (2, 2), 17926: (1, 127), 17940: (1, 127), 17954: (1, 127), 17968: (1, 4), 17982: (1, 0), 17996: (2, 0), 18010: (3, 0), 18024: (1, 5), 18038: (1, 1), 18052: (3, 0), 18066: (3, 127), 18080: (3, 126), 18094: (3, 3), 18108: (3, 0), 18122: (2, 0), 18136: (2, 127), 18150: (2, 5), 18164: (2, 0), 18178: (2, 127), 18192: (2, 127), 18206: (2, 3), 18220: (2, 0), 18234: (1, 0), 18248: (2, 0), 18262: (2, 0), 18276: (2, 3), 18290: (1, 127), 18304: (1, 127), 18318: (1, 127), 18332: (2, 5), 18346: (2, 0), 18360: (2, 126), 18374: (1, 126), 18388: (1, 1), 18402: (3, 1), 18416: (2, 127), 18430: (1, 126), 18444: (1, 126), 18458: (2, 3), 18472: (1, 127), 18486: (1, 127), 18500: (1, 126), 18514: (2, 4), 18528: (2, 127), 18542: (1, 126), 18556: (1, 126), 18570: (1, 2), 18584: (2, 127), 18598: (3, 127), 18612: (2, 127), 18626: (1, 0), 18640: (1, 1), 18654: (2, 0), 18668: (2, 127), 18682: (2, 127), 18696: (2, 3), 18710: (2, 127), 18724: (2, 126), 18738: (2, 125), 18752: (2, 3), 18766: (2, 125), 18780: (1, 125), 18794: (2, 127), 18808: (2, 126), 18822: (1, 1), 18836: (1, 126), 18850: (2, 126), 18864: (1, 126), 18878: (1, 2), 18892: (1, 127), 18906: (1, 126), 18920: (1, 126), 18934: (1, 126), 18948: (1, 4), 18962: (1, 127), 18976: (0, 126), 18990: (0, 126), 19004: (2, 126), 19018: (1, 3), 19032: (1, 0), 19046: (1, 127), 19060: (2, 127), 19074: (1, 127), 19088: (2, 3), 19102: (3, 1), 19116: (3, 0), 19130: (1, 127), 19144: (2, 0), 19158: (2, 5), 19172: (1, 0), 19186: (1, 0), 19200: (2, 1), 19214: (1, 0), 19228: (1, 3), 19242: (1, 127), 19256: (2, 1), 19270: (2, 0), 19284: (0, 3), 19298: (1, 1), 19312: (1, 1), 19326: (2, 127), 19340: (1, 127), 19354: (1, 5), 19368: (1, 1), 19382: (1, 127), 19396: (2, 127), 19410: (2, 0), 19424: (3, 5), 19438: (2, 0), 19452: (2, 127), 19466: (3, 127), 19480: (1, 4), 19494: (3, 1), 19508: (3, 0), 19522: (4, 0), 19536: (3, 127), 19550: (2, 0), 19564: (2, 0), 19578: (2, 127), 19592: (3, 127), 19606: (2, 4), 19620: (1, 127), 19634: (1, 127), 19648: (1, 126), 19662: (3, 5), 19676: (2, 127), 19690: (2, 126), 19704: (2, 126), 19718: (0, 0), 19732: (1, 1), 19746: (1, 127), 19760: (1, 127), 19774: (1, 127), 19788: (1, 4), 19802: (1, 127), 19816: (1, 127), 19830: (1, 127), 19844: (1, 4), 19858: (2, 0), 19872: (2, 127), 19886: (1, 127), 19900: (1, 3), 19914: (2, 0), 19928: (2, 127), 19942: (2, 127), 19956: (1, 3), 19970: (1, 0), 19984: (1, 0), 19998: (1, 127), 20012: (2, 0), 20026: (1, 3), 20040: (0, 127), 20054: (0, 127), 20068: (2, 127), 20082: (1, 3), 20096: (1, 127), 20110: (2, 127), 20124: (1, 126), 20138: (0, 126), 20152: (1, 1), 20166: (1, 127), 20180: (1, 126), 20194: (1, 126), 20208: (2, 2), 20222: (0, 127), 20236: (0, 126), 20250: (1, 127), 20264: (2, 2), 20278: (1, 127), 20292: (1, 127), 20306: (2, 127), 20320: (2, 3), 20334: (1, 0), 20348: (1, 127), 20362: (1, 127), 20376: (1, 5), 20390: (1, 0), 20404: (1, 0), 20418: (1, 0), 20432: (1, 4), 20446: (1, 0), 20460: (1, 0), 20474: (2, 0), 20488: (1, 3), 20502: (1, 2), 20516: (2, 0), 20530: (1, 0), 20544: (0, 0), 20558: (0, 3), 20572: (1, 0), 20586: (1, 0), 20600: (1, 127), 20614: (2, 5), 20628: (1, 0), 20642: (0, 0), 20656: (1, 0), 20670: (1, 5), 20684: (1, 1), 20698: (0, 127), 20712: (1, 127), 20726: (1, 2), 20740: (1, 2), 20754: (1, 0), 20768: (1, 0), 20782: (1, 0), 20796: (1, 4), 20810: (1, 0), 20824: (1, 0), 20838: (1, 0), 20852: (1, 6), 20866: (2, 2), 20880: (1, 0), 20894: (0, 0), 20908: (0, 5), 20922: (1, 1), 20936: (1, 0), 20950: (1, 127), 20964: (0, 2), 20978: (0, 1), 20992: (0, 0), 21006: (1, 127), 21020: (1, 1), 21034: (1, 1), 21048: (0, 127), 21062: (0, 126), 21076: (0, 127), 21090: (0, 4), 21104: (0, 127), 21118: (0, 127), 21132: (0, 127), 21146: (0, 4), 21160: (255, 0), 21174: (0, 127), 21188: (0, 0), 21202: (1, 1), 21216: (0, 2), 21230: (255, 0), 21244: (0, 0), 21258: (1, 0), 21272: (1, 5), 21286: (2, 1), 21300: (2, 0), 21314: (3, 0), 21328: (3, 2), 21342: (2, 3), 21356: (2, 1), 21370: (2, 0), 21384: (2, 1), 21398: (1, 5), 21412: (1, 0), 21426: (1, 127), 21440: (1, 127), 21454: (1, 3), 21468: (2, 0), 21482: (2, 127), 21496: (0, 127), 21510: (1, 0), 21524: (2, 3), 21538: (2, 0), 21552: (1, 127), 21566: (1, 127), 21580: (1, 5), 21594: (1, 0), 21608: (1, 127), 21622: (1, 127), 21636: (2, 5), 21650: (2, 0), 21664: (2, 0), 21678: (2, 126), 21692: (2, 2), 21706: (2, 0), 21720: (3, 2), 21734: (3, 0), 21748: (1, 3), 21762: (2, 1), 21776: (2, 0), 21790: (2, 0), 21804: (2, 1), 21818: (3, 3), 21832: (3, 127), 21846: (2, 127), 21860: (3, 127), 21874: (3, 5), 21888: (3, 0), 21902: (2, 127), 21916: (1, 127), 21930: (1, 4), 21944: (2, 0), 21958: (2, 127), 21972: (3, 0), 21986: (3, 4), 22000: (3, 126), 22014: (3, 127), 22028: (2, 127), 22042: (2, 4), 22056: (3, 0), 22070: (3, 0), 22084: (3, 127), 22098: (2, 4), 22112: (2, 0), 22126: (2, 0), 22140: (2, 127), 22154: (1, 2), 22168: (1, 126), 22182: (2, 126), 22196: (1, 0), 22210: (1, 127), 22224: (1, 126), 22238: (1, 126), 22252: (1, 1), 22266: (3, 0), 22280: (2, 126), 22294: (1, 127), 22308: (0, 3), 22322: (1, 127), 22336: (1, 127), 22350: (0, 126), 22364: (0, 1), 22378: (1, 0), 22392: (1, 127), 22406: (1, 127), 22420: (1, 2), 22434: (2, 0), 22448: (1, 127), 22462: (1, 126), 22476: (1, 3), 22490: (2, 1), 22504: (1, 127), 22518: (1, 126), 22532: (2, 3), 22546: (2, 0), 22560: (2, 0), 22574: (3, 126), 22588: (3, 1), 22602: (3, 126), 22616: (2, 125), 22630: (2, 126), 22644: (2, 1), 22658: (1, 1), 22672: (1, 127), 22686: (1, 127), 22700: (2, 0), 22714: (2, 2), 22728: (2, 0), 22742: (2, 127), 22756: (1, 1), 22770: (2, 1), 22784: (2, 126), 22798: (2, 126), 22812: (2, 1), 22826: (1, 126), 22840: (1, 125), 22854: (1, 125), 22868: (1, 126), 22882: (1, 2), 22896: (1, 126), 22910: (1, 127), 22924: (1, 126), 22938: (1, 3), 22952: (1, 127), 22966: (1, 127), 22980: (2, 127), 22994: (2, 6), 23008: (1, 1), 23022: (1, 0), 23036: (2, 0), 23050: (2, 5), 23064: (2, 1), 23078: (1, 0), 23092: (1, 127), 23106: (0, 4), 23120: (2, 0), 23134: (3, 0), 23148: (2, 0), 23162: (1, 0), 23176: (1, 1), 23190: (1, 127), 23204: (1, 127), 23218: (1, 127), 23232: (1, 3), 23246: (1, 0), 23260: (1, 0), 23274: (1, 127), 23288: (1, 2), 23302: (1, 1), 23316: (1, 0), 23330: (2, 0), 23344: (0, 0), 23358: (0, 1), 23372: (1, 127), 23386: (2, 0), 23400: (2, 0), 23414: (1, 2), 23428: (1, 126), 23442: (2, 126), 23456: (2, 126), 23470: (2, 3), 23484: (1, 127), 23498: (1, 126), 23512: (1, 126), 23526: (1, 3), 23540: (2, 127), 23554: (2, 126), 23568: (1, 126), 23582: (1, 4), 23596: (1, 127), 23610: (1, 126), 23624: (0, 126), 23638: (1, 3), 23652: (2, 0), 23666: (1, 127), 23680: (1, 126), 23694: (1, 2), 23708: (1, 0), 23722: (1, 127), 23736: (2, 0), 23750: (2, 2), 23764: (1, 1), 23778: (1, 127), 23792: (2, 127), 23806: (2, 127), 23820: (1, 4), 23834: (1, 0), 23848: (2, 0), 23862: (2, 127), 23876: (2, 5), 23890: (3, 0), 23904: (2, 127), 23918: (2, 127), 23932: (2, 5), 23946: (2, 0), 23960: (2, 127), 23974: (1, 127), 23988: (2, 4), 24002: (2, 1), 24016: (1, 0), 24030: (1, 127), 24044: (2, 5), 24058: (2, 1), 24072: (1, 0), 24086: (1, 0), 24100: (1, 4), 24114: (1, 1), 24128: (1, 0), 24142: (1, 127), 24156: (0, 2), 24170: (0, 0), 24184: (2, 0), 24198: (2, 0), 24212: (2, 0), 24226: (2, 1), 24240: (2, 126), 24254: (3, 125), 24268: (2, 126), 24282: (1, 4), 24296: (2, 0), 24310: (3, 126), 24324: (2, 127), 24338: (2, 4), 24352: (2, 127), 24366: (2, 126), 24380: (2, 126), 24394: (2, 5), 24408: (2, 0), 24422: (1, 127), 24436: (0, 127), 24450: (1, 3), 24464: (2, 1), 24478: (2, 127), 24492: (1, 127), 24506: (1, 2), 24520: (1, 1), 24534: (1, 126), 24548: (2, 126), 24562: (2, 0), 24576: (1, 1), 24590: (1, 127), 24604: (1, 126), 24618: (0, 126), 24632: (1, 3), 24646: (2, 1), 24660: (1, 127), 24674: (1, 0), 24688: (1, 5), 24702: (0, 0), 24716: (0, 127), 24730: (1, 0), 24744: (2, 6), 24758: (1, 0), 24772: (1, 127), 24786: (0, 126), 24800: (1, 5), 24814: (2, 0), 24828: (1, 127), 24842: (1, 127), 24856: (1, 2), 24870: (0, 1), 24884: (0, 127), 24898: (0, 127), 24912: (1, 127), 24926: (1, 3), 24940: (0, 127), 24954: (0, 126), 24968: (0, 126), 24982: (1, 4), 24996: (2, 0), 25010: (2, 0), 25024: (0, 127), 25038: (0, 4), 25052: (1, 0), 25066: (1, 0), 25080: (1, 0), 25094: (1, 3), 25108: (1, 1), 25122: (0, 0), 25136: (0, 0), 25150: (0, 3), 25164: (1, 2), 25178: (1, 0), 25192: (1, 0), 25206: (0, 1), 25220: (0, 4), 25234: (0, 0), 25248: (1, 0), 25262: (1, 127), 25276: (1, 5), 25290: (0, 0), 25304: (0, 127), 25318: (1, 126), 25332: (1, 3), 25346: (1, 0), 25360: (1, 127), 25374: (0, 0), 25388: (0, 0), 25402: (1, 4), 25416: (1, 1), 25430: (0, 0), 25444: (1, 0), 25458: (1, 6), 25472: (1, 1), 25486: (255, 0), 25500: (0, 0), 25514: (0, 3), 25528: (0, 1), 25542: (0, 0), 25556: (0, 127), 25570: (255, 127), 25584: (0, 4), 25598: (1, 127), 25612: (1, 127), 25626: (255, 127), 25640: (0, 4), 25654: (1, 0), 25668: (1, 0), 25682: (0, 127), 25696: (0, 2), 25710: (2, 1), 25724: (2, 126), 25738: (1, 125), 25752: (1, 126), 25766: (1, 3), 25780: (1, 127), 25794: (1, 126), 25808: (1, 126), 25822: (1, 2), 25836: (0, 127), 25850: (0, 127), 25864: (1, 127), 25878: (0, 127), 25892: (0, 2), 25906: (1, 127), 25920: (1, 126), 25934: (0, 126), 25948: (0, 3), 25962: (1, 127), 25976: (1, 126), 25990: (1, 126), 26004: (1, 1), 26018: (1, 0), 26032: (0, 126), 26046: (0, 125), 26060: (1, 127), 26074: (1, 2), 26088: (0, 127), 26102: (0, 0), 26116: (1, 127), 26130: (1, 5), 26144: (0, 0), 26158: (1, 0), 26172: (1, 0), 26186: (1, 4), 26200: (0, 1), 26214: (1, 0), 26228: (1, 0), 26242: (0, 0), 26256: (2, 4), 26270: (1, 0), 26284: (1, 127), 26298: (0, 0), 26312: (0, 5), 26326: (2, 1), 26340: (1, 1), 26354: (0, 127), 26368: (0, 4), 26382: (1, 127), 26396: (1, 126), 26410: (1, 125), 26424: (1, 1), 26438: (1, 127), 26452: (1, 125), 26466: (1, 125), 26480: (0, 127), 26494: (0, 1), 26508: (1, 127), 26522: (1, 127), 26536: (0, 126), 26550: (255, 4), 26564: (0, 127), 26578: (0, 127), 26592: (0, 127), 26606: (0, 1), 26620: (0, 1), 26634: (255, 127), 26648: (0, 127), 26662: (1, 127), 26676: (1, 127), 26690: (1, 3), 26704: (1, 0), 26718: (3, 1), 26732: (3, 0), 26746: (2, 0), 26760: (1, 4), 26774: (3, 2), 26788: (2, 1), 26802: (0, 127), 26816: (0, 126), 26830: (1, 4), 26844: (1, 127), 26858: (1, 126), 26872: (1, 126), 26886: (0, 126), 26900: (0, 2), 26914: (1, 126), 26928: (2, 127), 26942: (1, 127), 26956: (0, 2), 26970: (1, 0), 26984: (1, 127), 26998: (0, 127), 27012: (1, 0), 27026: (1, 3), 27040: (0, 127), 27054: (0, 127), 27068: (0, 127), 27082: (1, 5), 27096: (0, 0), 27110: (0, 127), 27124: (1, 127), 27138: (0, 5), 27152: (0, 0), 27166: (0, 127), 27180: (0, 127), 27194: (0, 4), 27208: (0, 0), 27222: (0, 127), 27236: (0, 127), 27250: (255, 3), 27264: (0, 1), 27278: (1, 0), 27292: (255, 127), 27306: (255, 2), 27320: (0, 1), 27334: (0, 127), 27348: (0, 127), 27362: (0, 127), 27376: (0, 4), 27390: (0, 1), 27404: (0, 1), 27418: (0, 0), 27432: (1, 6), 27446: (0, 2), 27460: (0, 0), 27474: (0, 0), 27488: (0, 0), 27502: (0, 4), 27516: (1, 1), 27530: (2, 1), 27544: (1, 1), 27558: (0, 0), 27572: (0, 6), 27586: (1, 1), 27600: (1, 1), 27614: (1, 0), 27628: (1, 126), 27642: (1, 1), 27656: (1, 127), 27670: (1, 127), 27684: (1, 1), 27698: (2, 6), 27712: (2, 1), 27726: (2, 0), 27740: (3, 1), 27754: (2, 5), 27768: (2, 4), 27782: (2, 1), 27796: (1, 1), 27810: (1, 3), 27824: (1, 2), 27838: (1, 1), 27852: (1, 0), 27866: (2, 1), 27880: (1, 4), 27894: (0, 0), 27908: (0, 0), 27922: (1, 0), 27936: (2, 5), 27950: (1, 1), 27964: (0, 0), 27978: (0, 127), 27992: (0, 5), 28006: (1, 1), 28020: (1, 0), 28034: (1, 127), 28048: (1, 2), 28062: (1, 1), 28076: (1, 0), 28090: (1, 127), 28104: (1, 0), 28118: (1, 4), 28132: (1, 1), 28146: (0, 0), 28160: (0, 0), 28174: (1, 2), 28188: (2, 2), 28202: (2, 0), 28216: (1, 127), 28230: (0, 126), 28244: (1, 3), 28258: (1, 127), 28272: (1, 125), 28286: (1, 125), 28300: (1, 3), 28314: (1, 127), 28328: (1, 127), 28342: (1, 127), 28356: (1, 3), 28370: (2, 0), 28384: (2, 127), 28398: (1, 127), 28412: (1, 3), 28426: (0, 127), 28440: (1, 127), 28454: (1, 126), 28468: (1, 0), 28482: (1, 0), 28496: (0, 126), 28510: (255, 126), 28524: (0, 127), 28538: (2, 3), 28552: (1, 127), 28566: (0, 126), 28580: (0, 127), 28594: (1, 4), 28608: (1, 127), 28622: (0, 127), 28636: (0, 127), 28650: (0, 4), 28664: (0, 127), 28678: (0, 126), 28692: (0, 127), 28706: (0, 5), 28720: (0, 0), 28734: (0, 127), 28748: (0, 127), 28762: (255, 3), 28776: (255, 0), 28790: (0, 0), 28804: (1, 0), 28818: (0, 0), 28832: (255, 1), 28846: (0, 127), 28860: (0, 127), 28874: (0, 127), 28888: (0, 4), 28902: (0, 0), 28916: (255, 127), 28930: (255, 127), 28944: (0, 127), 28958: (0, 4), 28972: (255, 127), 28986: (0, 127), 29000: (0, 127), 29014: (0, 126), 29028: (0, 4), 29042: (0, 0), 29056: (1, 1), 29070: (0, 0), 29084: (0, 0), 29098: (0, 1), 29112: (0, 3), 29126: (0, 1), 29140: (0, 1), 29154: (0, 0), 29168: (0, 0), 29182: (0, 5), 29196: (1, 1), 29210: (0, 1), 29224: (255, 0), 29238: (0, 0), 29252: (1, 6), 29266: (0, 1), 29280: (0, 0), 29294: (1, 0), 29308: (0, 0), 29322: (0, 5), 29336: (1, 127), 29350: (2, 127), 29364: (0, 0), 29378: (0, 0), 29392: (1, 3), 29406: (1, 1), 29420: (0, 0), 29434: (0, 127), 29448: (1, 5), 29462: (1, 1), 29476: (0, 0), 29490: (0, 0), 29504: (0, 1), 29518: (0, 3), 29532: (1, 1), 29546: (1, 1), 29560: (1, 0), 29574: (0, 5), 29588: (1, 1), 29602: (1, 0), 29616: (1, 127), 29630: (0, 2), 29644: (0, 2), 29658: (1, 0), 29672: (1, 0), 29686: (1, 127), 29700: (2, 4), 29714: (3, 0), 29728: (2, 0), 29742: (2, 127), 29756: (2, 5), 29770: (2, 0), 29784: (2, 0), 29798: (3, 0), 29812: (3, 5), 29826: (1, 0), 29840: (1, 127), 29854: (1, 0), 29868: (2, 5), 29882: (1, 2), 29896: (1, 0), 29910: (1, 0), 29924: (1, 4), 29938: (1, 0), 29952: (2, 0), 29966: (2, 127), 29980: (1, 4), 29994: (1, 127), 30008: (1, 126), 30022: (1, 126), 30036: (1, 4), 30050: (2, 126), 30064: (2, 126), 30078: (0, 126), 30092: (0, 4), 30106: (0, 127), 30120: (1, 127), 30134: (1, 126), 30148: (1, 4), 30162: (1, 127), 30176: (255, 126), 30190: (0, 126), 30204: (1, 2), 30218: (1, 127), 30232: (0, 126), 30246: (0, 127), 30260: (1, 2), 30274: (1, 0), 30288: (1, 0), 30302: (1, 0), 30316: (2, 5), 30330: (1, 1), 30344: (1, 0), 30358: (1, 127), 30372: (0, 4), 30386: (1, 0), 30400: (2, 0), 30414: (1, 0), 30428: (0, 5), 30442: (0, 1), 30456: (2, 1), 30470: (2, 1), 30484: (1, 6), 30498: (0, 0), 30512: (1, 127), 30526: (2, 127), 30540: (1, 3), 30554: (1, 127), 30568: (1, 127), 30582: (0, 127), 30596: (0, 3), 30610: (1, 1), 30624: (1, 0), 30638: (0, 127), 30652: (0, 127), 30666: (1, 3), 30680: (0, 127), 30694: (255, 126), 30708: (0, 127), 30722: (1, 4), 30736: (0, 0), 30750: (0, 127), 30764: (1, 127), 30778: (0, 0), 30792: (1, 3), 30806: (1, 0), 30820: (1, 0), 30834: (0, 127), 30848: (0, 3), 30862: (1, 2), 30876: (2, 1), 30890: (1, 0), 30904: (1, 1), 30918: (2, 5), 30932: (0, 2), 30946: (1, 2), 30960: (1, 0), 30974: (1, 6), 30988: (1, 1), 31002: (0, 0), 31016: (0, 0), 31030: (0, 4), 31044: (0, 1), 31058: (1, 0), 31072: (1, 0), 31086: (0, 127), 31100: (0, 2), 31114: (0, 127), 31128: (1, 0), 31142: (1, 0), 31156: (1, 4), 31170: (0, 0), 31184: (0, 127), 31198: (1, 0), 31212: (1, 5), 31226: (1, 0), 31240: (1, 0), 31254: (1, 0), 31268: (0, 5), 31282: (0, 1), 31296: (0, 0), 31310: (1, 0), 31324: (1, 5), 31338: (1, 2), 31352: (0, 0), 31366: (0, 0), 31380: (1, 4), 31394: (2, 1), 31408: (1, 0), 31422: (1, 0), 31436: (0, 3), 31450: (0, 0), 31464: (1, 0), 31478: (1, 0), 31492: (0, 3), 31506: (0, 1), 31520: (0, 0), 31534: (0, 127), 31548: (255, 1), 31562: (0, 1), 31576: (0, 127), 31590: (0, 127), 31604: (255, 127), 31618: (255, 2), 31632: (0, 127), 31646: (1, 127), 31660: (1, 127), 31674: (1, 4), 31688: (0, 127), 31702: (255, 127), 31716: (0, 0), 31730: (1, 7), 31744: (1, 1), 31758: (0, 0), 31772: (0, 0), 31786: (0, 6), 31800: (0, 1), 31814: (1, 0), 31828: (1, 0), 31842: (0, 4), 31856: (0, 1), 31870: (0, 1), 31884: (1, 1), 31898: (255, 1), 31912: (0, 2), 31926: (1, 1), 31940: (0, 1), 31954: (255, 0), 31968: (0, 4), 31982: (1, 1), 31996: (2, 1), 32010: (1, 0), 32024: (1, 6), 32038: (0, 1), 32052: (0, 0), 32066: (1, 127), 32080: (1, 4), 32094: (1, 1), 32108: (0, 0), 32122: (1, 1), 32136: (1, 1), 32150: (0, 3), 32164: (0, 1), 32178: (1, 0), 32192: (1, 0), 32206: (0, 6), 32220: (0, 0), 32234: (1, 0), 32248: (0, 127), 32262: (0, 4), 32276: (0, 0), 32290: (0, 0), 32304: (255, 127), 32318: (0, 4), 32332: (2, 2), 32346: (1, 0), 32360: (255, 127), 32374: (255, 0), 32388: (1, 2), 32402: (0, 0), 32416: (255, 127), 32430: (0, 127), 32444: (0, 5), 32458: (0, 0), 32472: (0, 127), 32486: (1, 0), 32500: (0, 3), 32514: (0, 1), 32528: (1, 1), 32542: (1, 1), 32556: (0, 0), 32570: (0, 5), 32584: (1, 1), 32598: (0, 0), 32612: (0, 0), 32626: (0, 0), 32640: (1, 5), 32654: (0, 1), 32668: (0, 1), 32682: (0, 0), 32696: (0, 6), 32710: (0, 1), 32724: (0, 1), 32738: (1, 1), 32752: (0, 1), 32766: (0, 6), 32780: (0, 1), 32794: (1, 1), 32808: (0, 0), 32822: (0, 4), 32836: (1, 1), 32850: (1, 1), 32864: (0, 0), 32878: (1, 2), 32892: (2, 4), 32906: (2, 2), 32920: (2, 1), 32934: (3, 1), 32948: (3, 5), 32962: (2, 2), 32976: (2, 1), 32990: (3, 127), 33004: (3, 4), 33018: (1, 0), 33032: (1, 1), 33046: (2, 1), 33060: (2, 4), 33074: (1, 1), 33088: (1, 0), 33102: (2, 0), 33116: (0, 4), 33130: (0, 1), 33144: (2, 0), 33158: (1, 0), 33172: (0, 0), 33186: (1, 4), 33200: (1, 1), 33214: (0, 1), 33228: (0, 127), 33242: (1, 3), 33256: (1, 0), 33270: (0, 127), 33284: (255, 127), 33298: (0, 2), 33312: (0, 0), 33326: (1, 127), 33340: (1, 1), 33354: (1, 1), 33368: (0, 127), 33382: (255, 126), 33396: (1, 127), 33410: (1, 3), 33424: (0, 127), 33438: (255, 127), 33452: (0, 127), 33466: (1, 5), 33480: (1, 0), 33494: (2, 127), 33508: (2, 126), 33522: (1, 5), 33536: (1, 1), 33550: (1, 1), 33564: (1, 0), 33578: (0, 5), 33592: (1, 1), 33606: (2, 1), 33620: (1, 0), 33634: (1, 5), 33648: (2, 127), 33662: (3, 0), 33676: (2, 0), 33690: (1, 5), 33704: (1, 0), 33718: (1, 0), 33732: (2, 0), 33746: (2, 4), 33760: (2, 1), 33774: (2, 127), 33788: (2, 127), 33802: (3, 4), 33816: (3, 2), 33830: (2, 0), 33844: (2, 127), 33858: (2, 4), 33872: (2, 1), 33886: (1, 0), 33900: (1, 127), 33914: (1, 2), 33928: (2, 1), 33942: (1, 127), 33956: (1, 126), 33970: (0, 126), 33984: (0, 4), 33998: (0, 127), 34012: (1, 127), 34026: (1, 0), 34040: (0, 4), 34054: (0, 0), 34068: (1, 0), 34082: (1, 0), 34096: (1, 3), 34110: (1, 0), 34124: (2, 127), 34138: (2, 127), 34152: (2, 4), 34166: (2, 0), 34180: (2, 0), 34194: (1, 0), 34208: (1, 6), 34222: (0, 0), 34236: (255, 0), 34250: (0, 0), 34264: (1, 5), 34278: (2, 1), 34292: (1, 127), 34306: (1, 127), 34320: (1, 2), 34334: (1, 1), 34348: (2, 126), 34362: (2, 125), 34376: (2, 126), 34390: (2, 126), 34404: (1, 125), 34418: (1, 125), 34432: (1, 0), 34446: (1, 1), 34460: (1, 0), 34474: (1, 127), 34488: (0, 127), 34502: (1, 3), 34516: (1, 0), 34530: (2, 0), 34544: (1, 0), 34558: (1, 6), 34572: (0, 1), 34586: (1, 0), 34600: (1, 0), 34614: (2, 6), 34628: (1, 2), 34642: (0, 0), 34656: (0, 0), 34670: (1, 4), 34684: (1, 1), 34698: (1, 2), 34712: (1, 1), 34726: (1, 4), 34740: (1, 2), 34754: (0, 0), 34768: (1, 127), 34782: (2, 2), 34796: (1, 1), 34810: (0, 127), 34824: (0, 127), 34838: (0, 3), 34852: (1, 1), 34866: (2, 0), 34880: (2, 127), 34894: (0, 2), 34908: (0, 1), 34922: (0, 127), 34936: (1, 127), 34950: (1, 4), 34964: (0, 0), 34978: (0, 127), 34992: (0, 127), 35006: (0, 4), 35020: (1, 1), 35034: (0, 0), 35048: (0, 127), 35062: (0, 4), 35076: (255, 1), 35090: (0, 0), 35104: (0, 127), 35118: (1, 4), 35132: (0, 1), 35146: (0, 0), 35160: (255, 127), 35174: (255, 2), 35188: (0, 1), 35202: (1, 1), 35216: (1, 0), 35230: (0, 3), 35244: (0, 2), 35258: (0, 0), 35272: (1, 0), 35286: (1, 3), 35300: (0, 2), 35314: (0, 0), 35328: (1, 0), 35342: (1, 2), 35356: (2, 3), 35370: (2, 0), 35384: (2, 127), 35398: (2, 0), 35412: (2, 5), 35426: (2, 0), 35440: (1, 0), 35454: (1, 1), 35468: (1, 6), 35482: (1, 1), 35496: (0, 0), 35510: (255, 0), 35524: (0, 7), 35538: (2, 2), 35552: (0, 1), 35566: (0, 1), 35580: (1, 6), 35594: (1, 2), 35608: (0, 1), 35622: (1, 0), 35636: (1, 5), 35650: (1, 2), 35664: (0, 1), 35678: (0, 1), 35692: (0, 4), 35706: (1, 2), 35720: (1, 1), 35734: (1, 1), 35748: (0, 2), 35762: (0, 2), 35776: (1, 0), 35790: (1, 0), 35804: (1, 1), 35818: (0, 2), 35832: (0, 0), 35846: (1, 127), 35860: (0, 1), 35874: (0, 2), 35888: (1, 1), 35902: (0, 1), 35916: (0, 0), 35930: (0, 4), 35944: (1, 0), 35958: (0, 0), 35972: (255, 127), 35986: (255, 3), 36000: (0, 1), 36014: (1, 0), 36028: (255, 127), 36042: (0, 127), 36056: (0, 2), 36070: (0, 0), 36084: (0, 127), 36098: (0, 0), 36112: (0, 5), 36126: (1, 1), 36140: (1, 0), 36154: (0, 1), 36168: (0, 1), 36182: (0, 4), 36196: (1, 1), 36210: (0, 1), 36224: (0, 0), 36238: (1, 4), 36252: (1, 0), 36266: (1, 126), 36280: (1, 126), 36294: (1, 0), 36308: (2, 1), 36322: (0, 127), 36336: (1, 127), 36350: (2, 127), 36364: (1, 4), 36378: (0, 0), 36392: (0, 0), 36406: (1, 127), 36420: (0, 3), 36434: (0, 0), 36448: (1, 127), 36462: (1, 127), 36476: (1, 126), 36490: (0, 4), 36504: (1, 0), 36518: (1, 0), 36532: (1, 1), 36546: (1, 5), 36560: (1, 0), 36574: (255, 127), 36588: (255, 127), 36602: (1, 2), 36616: (1, 1), 36630: (255, 0), 36644: (255, 127), 36658: (0, 127), 36672: (0, 5), 36686: (0, 0), 36700: (1, 1), 36714: (1, 0), 36728: (0, 3), 36742: (1, 2), 36756: (1, 0), 36770: (0, 0), 36784: (0, 0), 36798: (1, 4), 36812: (2, 1), 36826: (0, 0), 36840: (0, 0), 36854: (1, 5), 36868: (2, 1), 36882: (1, 127), 36896: (255, 126), 36910: (0, 2), 36924: (0, 127), 36938: (0, 126), 36952: (1, 127), 36966: (1, 127), 36980: (0, 4), 36994: (0, 126), 37008: (2, 126), 37022: (2, 127), 37036: (2, 3), 37050: (2, 1), 37064: (2, 0), 37078: (1, 127), 37092: (255, 0), 37106: (0, 2), 37120: (1, 127), 37134: (1, 0), 37148: (0, 127), 37162: (0, 6), 37176: (2, 0), 37190: (2, 1), 37204: (2, 1), 37218: (1, 5), 37232: (1, 0), 37246: (1, 127), 37260: (0, 126), 37274: (1, 4), 37288: (1, 0), 37302: (1, 127), 37316: (0, 127), 37330: (0, 1), 37344: (0, 1), 37358: (255, 127), 37372: (0, 126), 37386: (0, 1), 37400: (0, 1), 37414: (255, 127), 37428: (0, 0), 37442: (0, 3), 37456: (1, 2), 37470: (1, 0), 37484: (1, 127), 37498: (255, 127), 37512: (0, 4), 37526: (0, 1), 37540: (1, 1), 37554: (0, 1), 37568: (0, 5), 37582: (0, 1), 37596: (0, 1), 37610: (0, 1), 37624: (0, 6), 37638: (1, 2), 37652: (0, 1), 37666: (0, 1), 37680: (0, 6), 37694: (0, 1), 37708: (0, 1), 37722: (1, 0), 37736: (1, 6), 37750: (0, 2), 37764: (0, 0), 37778: (1, 0), 37792: (1, 6), 37806: (0, 2), 37820: (1, 1), 37834: (1, 0), 37848: (0, 6), 37862: (0, 2), 37876: (1, 1), 37890: (1, 1), 37904: (0, 3), 37918: (1, 2), 37932: (1, 1), 37946: (1, 0), 37960: (1, 0), 37974: (1, 3), 37988: (2, 1), 38002: (1, 0), 38016: (0, 0), 38030: (0, 0), 38044: (1, 0), 38058: (1, 2), 38072: (2, 127), 38086: (2, 126), 38100: (1, 125), 38114: (0, 0), 38128: (1, 126), 38142: (3, 124), 38156: (1, 123), 38170: (0, 123), 38184: (1, 0), 38198: (1, 127), 38212: (0, 127), 38226: (1, 126), 38240: (1, 2), 38254: (1, 127), 38268: (1, 127), 38282: (1, 126), 38296: (1, 4), 38310: (0, 0), 38324: (1, 127), 38338: (2, 127), 38352: (1, 3), 38366: (0, 126), 38380: (0, 125), 38394: (1, 124), 38408: (2, 0), 38422: (1, 125), 38436: (0, 125), 38450: (0, 125), 38464: (1, 126), 38478: (1, 0), 38492: (1, 126), 38506: (1, 126), 38520: (1, 127), 38534: (0, 4), 38548: (1, 0), 38562: (1, 127), 38576: (1, 127), 38590: (1, 2), 38604: (1, 1), 38618: (0, 127), 38632: (255, 127), 38646: (1, 0), 38660: (1, 3), 38674: (1, 1), 38688: (0, 0), 38702: (0, 0), 38716: (0, 5), 38730: (2, 0), 38744: (2, 126), 38758: (3, 125), 38772: (2, 0), 38786: (3, 124), 38800: (3, 124), 38814: (3, 124), 38828: (2, 0), 38842: (2, 127), 38856: (1, 126), 38870: (1, 126), 38884: (1, 127), 38898: (1, 1), 38912: (1, 127), 38926: (1, 127), 38940: (1, 127), 38954: (1, 3), 38968: (0, 127), 38982: (1, 127), 38996: (2, 127), 39010: (1, 4), 39024: (0, 0), 39038: (0, 127), 39052: (0, 0), 39066: (0, 4), 39080: (1, 1), 39094: (0, 0), 39108: (255, 0), 39122: (0, 3), 39136: (1, 1), 39150: (1, 1), 39164: (0, 0), 39178: (0, 0), 39192: (0, 4), 39206: (1, 1), 39220: (0, 0), 39234: (0, 0), 39248: (1, 5), 39262: (2, 1), 39276: (0, 0), 39290: (0, 0), 39304: (0, 5), 39318: (0, 1), 39332: (1, 0), 39346: (0, 0), 39360: (0, 4), 39374: (0, 2), 39388: (0, 1), 39402: (1, 0), 39416: (1, 4), 39430: (0, 2), 39444: (0, 0), 39458: (0, 0), 39472: (0, 3), 39486: (1, 3), 39500: (0, 0), 39514: (0, 0), 39528: (1, 0), 39542: (0, 2), 39556: (0, 127), 39570: (0, 127), 39584: (0, 0), 39598: (0, 6), 39612: (1, 2), 39626: (0, 1), 39640: (255, 0), 39654: (0, 6), 39668: (1, 2), 39682: (0, 0), 39696: (255, 0), 39710: (0, 5), 39724: (0, 2), 39738: (1, 2), 39752: (0, 0), 39766: (1, 5), 39780: (0, 2), 39794: (0, 1), 39808: (1, 1), 39822: (1, 2), 39836: (0, 3), 39850: (0, 0), 39864: (0, 0), 39878: (0, 0), 39892: (0, 2), 39906: (1, 0), 39920: (2, 0), 39934: (2, 1), 39948: (1, 3), 39962: (0, 0), 39976: (0, 0), 39990: (0, 0), 40004: (0, 5), 40018: (1, 1), 40032: (255, 0), 40046: (255, 0), 40060: (0, 6), 40074: (1, 1), 40088: (0, 0), 40102: (255, 127), 40116: (255, 0), 40130: (0, 6), 40144: (0, 1), 40158: (0, 0), 40172: (255, 0), 40186: (255, 127), 40200: (0, 5), 40214: (0, 1), 40228: (1, 1), 40242: (0, 0), 40256: (0, 1), 40270: (1, 6), 40284: (0, 2), 40298: (255, 1), 40312: (0, 0), 40326: (1, 1), 40340: (1, 4), 40354: (0, 1), 40368: (255, 0), 40382: (1, 1), 40396: (1, 1), 40410: (0, 3), 40424: (1, 1), 40438: (1, 0), 40452: (0, 0), 40466: (0, 1), 40480: (1, 3), 40494: (1, 0), 40508: (0, 0), 40522: (1, 127), 40536: (1, 1), 40550: (0, 0), 40564: (0, 126), 40578: (1, 127), 40592: (1, 126), 40606: (0, 4), 40620: (0, 127), 40634: (0, 126), 40648: (0, 126), 40662: (1, 126), 40676: (2, 2), 40690: (1, 0), 40704: (0, 126), 40718: (0, 126), 40732: (1, 4), 40746: (1, 0), 40760: (1, 127), 40774: (0, 126), 40788: (1, 0), 40802: (0, 1), 40816: (1, 125), 40830: (0, 125), 40844: (0, 126), 40858: (1, 4), 40872: (1, 0), 40886: (0, 127), 40900: (0, 126), 40914: (0, 1), 40928: (2, 1), 40942: (2, 127), 40956: (1, 127), 40970: (0, 126), 40984: (0, 4), 40998: (1, 0), 41012: (1, 127), 41026: (0, 127), 41040: (0, 1), 41054: (255, 2), 41068: (0, 0), 41082: (0, 127), 41096: (1, 0), 41110: (1, 4), 41124: (1, 1), 41138: (0, 1), 41152: (0, 0), 41166: (255, 4), 41180: (1, 2), 41194: (1, 1), 41208: (1, 1), 41222: (0, 2), 41236: (0, 3), 41250: (1, 1), 41264: (1, 0), 41278: (1, 127), 41292: (1, 4), 41306: (0, 1), 41320: (255, 0), 41334: (0, 0), 41348: (0, 3), 41362: (0, 2), 41376: (0, 1), 41390: (0, 1), 41404: (0, 0), 41418: (0, 4), 41432: (0, 0), 41446: (1, 0), 41460: (0, 1), 41474: (255, 5), 41488: (255, 1), 41502: (0, 0), 41516: (1, 1), 41530: (0, 4), 41544: (0, 2), 41558: (0, 0), 41572: (0, 127), 41586: (255, 127), 41600: (0, 3), 41614: (0, 0), 41628: (255, 0), 41642: (0, 0), 41656: (0, 5), 41670: (0, 1), 41684: (0, 0), 41698: (1, 127), 41712: (1, 2), 41726: (0, 2), 41740: (0, 127), 41754: (1, 126), 41768: (1, 126), 41782: (0, 3), 41796: (1, 0), 41810: (1, 127), 41824: (255, 126), 41838: (255, 127), 41852: (0, 3), 41866: (1, 1), 41880: (0, 0), 41894: (0, 0), 41908: (0, 5), 41922: (1, 1), 41936: (0, 0), 41950: (1, 0), 41964: (0, 1), 41978: (0, 3), 41992: (255, 0), 42006: (0, 0), 42020: (0, 0), 42034: (255, 4), 42048: (255, 1), 42062: (255, 0), 42076: (255, 0), 42090: (255, 0), 42104: (0, 3), 42118: (0, 1), 42132: (0, 0), 42146: (255, 127), 42160: (255, 5), 42174: (255, 0), 42188: (0, 0), 42202: (1, 1), 42216: (1, 1), 42230: (0, 4), 42244: (255, 1), 42258: (0, 0), 42272: (1, 0), 42286: (0, 4), 42300: (0, 2), 42314: (0, 2), 42328: (0, 1), 42342: (0, 1), 42356: (0, 6), 42370: (1, 1), 42384: (0, 0), 42398: (0, 0), 42412: (0, 127), 42426: (0, 5), 42440: (255, 1), 42454: (0, 1), 42468: (1, 1), 42482: (0, 6), 42496: (255, 2), 42510: (255, 1), 42524: (0, 1), 42538: (1, 2), 42552: (0, 4), 42566: (255, 1), 42580: (255, 2), 42594: (0, 1), 42608: (0, 8), 42622: (0, 2), 42636: (0, 2), 42650: (255, 1), 42664: (1, 2), 42678: (2, 3), 42692: (2, 127), 42706: (2, 127), 42720: (2, 127), 42734: (2, 5), 42748: (1, 0), 42762: (0, 127), 42776: (1, 0), 42790: (1, 3), 42804: (2, 1), 42818: (1, 0), 42832: (0, 127), 42846: (0, 0), 42860: (0, 5), 42874: (1, 0), 42888: (1, 0), 42902: (0, 127), 42916: (1, 2), 42930: (1, 1), 42944: (1, 0), 42958: (1, 126), 42972: (1, 125), 42986: (2, 1), 43000: (1, 125), 43014: (2, 126), 43028: (2, 124), 43042: (2, 127), 43056: (1, 1), 43070: (1, 127), 43084: (1, 0), 43098: (0, 127), 43112: (0, 3), 43126: (1, 0), 43140: (1, 0), 43154: (0, 0), 43168: (0, 4), 43182: (0, 1), 43196: (0, 0), 43210: (0, 0), 43224: (1, 5), 43238: (1, 1), 43252: (0, 127), 43266: (0, 126), 43280: (1, 4), 43294: (1, 0), 43308: (0, 0), 43322: (0, 0), 43336: (1, 5), 43350: (1, 1), 43364: (0, 127), 43378: (0, 127), 43392: (1, 4), 43406: (1, 1), 43420: (0, 127), 43434: (1, 127), 43448: (0, 3), 43462: (0, 1), 43476: (0, 0), 43490: (0, 0), 43504: (0, 3), 43518: (0, 1), 43532: (1, 0), 43546: (2, 0), 43560: (1, 0), 43574: (0, 4), 43588: (1, 0), 43602: (1, 0), 43616: (0, 0), 43630: (0, 5), 43644: (0, 1), 43658: (0, 0), 43672: (0, 0), 43686: (0, 5), 43700: (0, 0), 43714: (255, 0), 43728: (255, 127), 43742: (255, 4), 43756: (255, 1), 43770: (255, 0), 43784: (255, 0), 43798: (0, 0), 43812: (0, 4), 43826: (254, 127), 43840: (255, 127), 43854: (0, 127), 43868: (0, 4), 43882: (0, 2), 43896: (255, 1), 43910: (255, 1), 43924: (255, 0), 43938: (0, 7), 43952: (0, 2), 43966: (0, 2), 43980: (0, 1), 43994: (255, 0), 44008: (255, 6), 44022: (0, 2), 44036: (0, 1), 44050: (0, 1), 44064: (0, 2), 44078: (0, 6), 44092: (255, 3), 44106: (0, 1), 44120: (1, 1), 44134: (1, 5), 44148: (0, 1), 44162: (255, 0), 44176: (255, 0), 44190: (255, 0), 44204: (1, 6), 44218: (0, 2), 44232: (255, 1), 44246: (0, 1), 44260: (255, 5), 44274: (0, 3), 44288: (0, 1), 44302: (0, 1), 44316: (0, 3), 44330: (0, 3), 44344: (255, 0), 44358: (255, 0), 44372: (0, 1), 44386: (0, 3), 44400: (0, 1), 44414: (0, 0), 44428: (254, 0), 44442: (255, 3), 44456: (255, 0), 44470: (0, 127), 44484: (0, 126), 44498: (255, 4), 44512: (255, 127), 44526: (255, 0), 44540: (255, 127), 44554: (0, 5), 44568: (0, 0), 44582: (255, 0), 44596: (255, 0), 44610: (255, 5), 44624: (255, 1), 44638: (0, 0), 44652: (0, 0), 44666: (0, 4), 44680: (255, 2), 44694: (255, 1), 44708: (255, 0), 44722: (0, 1), 44736: (0, 7), 44750: (0, 1), 44764: (255, 1), 44778: (255, 0), 44792: (255, 3), 44806: (1, 3), 44820: (0, 1), 44834: (0, 1), 44848: (0, 1), 44862: (0, 7), 44876: (0, 2), 44890: (0, 1), 44904: (0, 1), 44918: (0, 5), 44932: (0, 3), 44946: (255, 2), 44960: (255, 0), 44974: (0, 1), 44988: (0, 5), 45002: (1, 3), 45016: (0, 1), 45030: (255, 1), 45044: (0, 2), 45058: (2, 5), 45072: (3, 2), 45086: (2, 1), 45100: (1, 0), 45114: (2, 7), 45128: (3, 3), 45142: (3, 1), 45156: (2, 0), 45170: (2, 5), 45184: (1, 2), 45198: (0, 1), 45212: (0, 1), 45226: (0, 3), 45240: (0, 3), 45254: (1, 2), 45268: (1, 1), 45282: (1, 1), 45296: (1, 5), 45310: (1, 1), 45324: (1, 0), 45338: (1, 127), 45352: (1, 4), 45366: (1, 126), 45380: (1, 127), 45394: (0, 127), 45408: (0, 4), 45422: (0, 0), 45436: (0, 0), 45450: (255, 127), 45464: (0, 4), 45478: (0, 1), 45492: (0, 0), 45506: (255, 127), 45520: (0, 2), 45534: (1, 2), 45548: (255, 0), 45562: (255, 127), 45576: (1, 0), 45590: (2, 5), 45604: (2, 2), 45618: (1, 1), 45632: (1, 1), 45646: (2, 3), 45660: (1, 3), 45674: (1, 0), 45688: (1, 0), 45702: (255, 0), 45716: (0, 3), 45730: (1, 0), 45744: (1, 0), 45758: (0, 127), 45772: (0, 4), 45786: (0, 1), 45800: (1, 1), 45814: (0, 0), 45828: (1, 6), 45842: (1, 1), 45856: (0, 1), 45870: (255, 0), 45884: (255, 5), 45898: (0, 1), 45912: (0, 0), 45926: (0, 0), 45940: (255, 4), 45954: (255, 1), 45968: (0, 1), 45982: (0, 1), 45996: (1, 2), 46010: (1, 3), 46024: (255, 1), 46038: (255, 0), 46052: (0, 0), 46066: (0, 5), 46080: (0, 0), 46094: (0, 0), 46108: (0, 127), 46122: (0, 3), 46136: (0, 0), 46150: (0, 1), 46164: (0, 127), 46178: (0, 1), 46192: (1, 2), 46206: (0, 0), 46220: (255, 127), 46234: (0, 127), 46248: (1, 4), 46262: (0, 0), 46276: (0, 0), 46290: (255, 127), 46304: (0, 5), 46318: (1, 2), 46332: (2, 0), 46346: (2, 0), 46360: (1, 127), 46374: (1, 4), 46388: (1, 2), 46402: (1, 1), 46416: (0, 0), 46430: (0, 4), 46444: (1, 2), 46458: (1, 1), 46472: (255, 0), 46486: (0, 1), 46500: (1, 0), 46514: (1, 3), 46528: (0, 1), 46542: (0, 1), 46556: (0, 1), 46570: (0, 4), 46584: (0, 2), 46598: (1, 1), 46612: (1, 0), 46626: (0, 0), 46640: (0, 4), 46654: (1, 0), 46668: (1, 127), 46682: (1, 0), 46696: (1, 3), 46710: (1, 0), 46724: (0, 127), 46738: (1, 127), 46752: (1, 0), 46766: (1, 5), 46780: (0, 1), 46794: (0, 1), 46808: (1, 1), 46822: (0, 5), 46836: (0, 2), 46850: (1, 1), 46864: (1, 1), 46878: (0, 4), 46892: (255, 2), 46906: (0, 0), 46920: (1, 1), 46934: (255, 1), 46948: (0, 4), 46962: (0, 1), 46976: (1, 0), 46990: (0, 0), 47004: (1, 5), 47018: (0, 1), 47032: (255, 0), 47046: (0, 127), 47060: (1, 6), 47074: (0, 0), 47088: (255, 127), 47102: (0, 127), 47116: (0, 5), 47130: (0, 1), 47144: (0, 0), 47158: (1, 127), 47172: (1, 4), 47186: (1, 127), 47200: (1, 126), 47214: (2, 125), 47228: (2, 0), 47242: (2, 125), 47256: (2, 126), 47270: (2, 126), 47284: (0, 1), 47298: (0, 0), 47312: (1, 0), 47326: (1, 0), 47340: (0, 1), 47354: (0, 3), 47368: (0, 1), 47382: (0, 0), 47396: (0, 0), 47410: (1, 5), 47424: (1, 1), 47438: (0, 1), 47452: (255, 1), 47466: (0, 6), 47480: (0, 2), 47494: (0, 1), 47508: (0, 0), 47522: (0, 4), 47536: (255, 1), 47550: (255, 0), 47564: (255, 0), 47578: (0, 5), 47592: (0, 1), 47606: (0, 0), 47620: (255, 0), 47634: (0, 6), 47648: (0, 1), 47662: (0, 1), 47676: (0, 1), 47690: (0, 7), 47704: (255, 1), 47718: (0, 1), 47732: (0, 1), 47746: (0, 6), 47760: (1, 2), 47774: (1, 1), 47788: (0, 1), 47802: (0, 7), 47816: (0, 2), 47830: (0, 1), 47844: (0, 0), 47858: (0, 7), 47872: (0, 2), 47886: (0, 1), 47900: (255, 1), 47914: (255, 6), 47928: (1, 3), 47942: (1, 1), 47956: (0, 1), 47970: (255, 6), 47984: (0, 2), 47998: (1, 2), 48012: (1, 1), 48026: (1, 4), 48040: (1, 1), 48054: (0, 0), 48068: (0, 0), 48082: (0, 5), 48096: (1, 1), 48110: (0, 1), 48124: (0, 1), 48138: (0, 4), 48152: (0, 1), 48166: (255, 0), 48180: (0, 0), 48194: (1, 4), 48208: (0, 1), 48222: (255, 127), 48236: (255, 127), 48250: (255, 2), 48264: (0, 1), 48278: (1, 127), 48292: (0, 127), 48306: (255, 0), 48320: (255, 2), 48334: (0, 0), 48348: (255, 127), 48362: (255, 127), 48376: (255, 4), 48390: (0, 1), 48404: (255, 0), 48418: (254, 0), 48432: (255, 5), 48446: (0, 1), 48460: (0, 0), 48474: (255, 0), 48488: (255, 4), 48502: (0, 2), 48516: (0, 1), 48530: (0, 1), 48544: (0, 0), 48558: (255, 6), 48572: (255, 2), 48586: (255, 1), 48600: (0, 1), 48614: (255, 3), 48628: (255, 3), 48642: (255, 2), 48656: (0, 1), 48670: (0, 1), 48684: (0, 8), 48698: (0, 3), 48712: (0, 2), 48726: (1, 2), 48740: (0, 3), 48754: (0, 3), 48768: (0, 2), 48782: (1, 1), 48796: (1, 1), 48810: (0, 5), 48824: (255, 1), 48838: (0, 1), 48852: (1, 1), 48866: (0, 6), 48880: (0, 2), 48894: (1, 1), 48908: (0, 0), 48922: (0, 2), 48936: (0, 2), 48950: (0, 0), 48964: (0, 0), 48978: (255, 127), 48992: (0, 5), 49006: (0, 1), 49020: (255, 0), 49034: (255, 127), 49048: (1, 5), 49062: (0, 1), 49076: (254, 0), 49090: (255, 0), 49104: (1, 3), 49118: (2, 1), 49132: (1, 0), 49146: (1, 1), 49160: (1, 4), 49174: (1, 2), 49188: (2, 1), 49202: (2, 127), 49216: (2, 3), 49230: (0, 1), 49244: (0, 127), 49258: (1, 127), 49272: (2, 2), 49286: (1, 2), 49300: (1, 0), 49314: (1, 0), 49328: (0, 2), 49342: (0, 2), 49356: (0, 0), 49370: (1, 127), 49384: (0, 2), 49398: (0, 2), 49412: (255, 0), 49426: (255, 127), 49440: (255, 127), 49454: (1, 3), 49468: (0, 0), 49482: (255, 127), 49496: (254, 126), 49510: (255, 4), 49524: (0, 127), 49538: (255, 126), 49552: (255, 126), 49566: (0, 4), 49580: (255, 127), 49594: (255, 127), 49608: (255, 126), 49622: (0, 3), 49636: (0, 0), 49650: (255, 0), 49664: (255, 0), 49678: (255, 0), 49692: (255, 5), 49706: (0, 1), 49720: (0, 0), 49734: (0, 127), 49748: (255, 127), 49762: (255, 4), 49776: (255, 127), 49790: (0, 0), 49804: (0, 127), 49818: (255, 127), 49832: (255, 4), 49846: (1, 0), 49860: (2, 127), 49874: (2, 2), 49888: (2, 2), 49902: (0, 7), 49916: (1, 3), 49930: (0, 1), 49944: (255, 1), 49958: (0, 1), 49972: (1, 6), 49986: (0, 2), 50000: (0, 1), 50014: (0, 1), 50028: (1, 127), 50042: (0, 2), 50056: (0, 126), 50070: (2, 127), 50084: (2, 127), 50098: (2, 126), 50112: (1, 2), 50126: (2, 1), 50140: (1, 0), 50154: (0, 0), 50168: (0, 6), 50182: (1, 1), 50196: (1, 1), 50210: (1, 0), 50224: (1, 2), 50238: (1, 3), 50252: (0, 0), 50266: (1, 0), 50280: (1, 0), 50294: (1, 6), 50308: (1, 2), 50322: (3, 0), 50336: (2, 0), 50350: (1, 3), 50364: (1, 2), 50378: (3, 1), 50392: (2, 1), 50406: (0, 3), 50420: (1, 2), 50434: (1, 1), 50448: (0, 0), 50462: (0, 0), 50476: (1, 4), 50490: (1, 1), 50504: (0, 127), 50518: (0, 0), 50532: (0, 5), 50546: (0, 1), 50560: (255, 0), 50574: (255, 0), 50588: (1, 4), 50602: (1, 1), 50616: (0, 127), 50630: (0, 0), 50644: (1, 1), 50658: (1, 3), 50672: (0, 1), 50686: (0, 0), 50700: (1, 1), 50714: (1, 5), 50728: (1, 1), 50742: (1, 0), 50756: (0, 127), 50770: (0, 5), 50784: (1, 1), 50798: (1, 0), 50812: (0, 127), 50826: (255, 3), 50840: (0, 1), 50854: (0, 0), 50868: (0, 0), 50882: (0, 3), 50896: (0, 1), 50910: (0, 0), 50924: (0, 127), 50938: (0, 2), 50952: (1, 2), 50966: (0, 0), 50980: (0, 0), 50994: (1, 1), 51008: (0, 2), 51022: (0, 127), 51036: (2, 0), 51050: (2, 0), 51064: (2, 5), 51078: (0, 1), 51092: (0, 0), 51106: (0, 0), 51120: (0, 5), 51134: (1, 1), 51148: (0, 1), 51162: (255, 1), 51176: (255, 6), 51190: (0, 1), 51204: (1, 1), 51218: (1, 1), 51232: (0, 6), 51246: (1, 2), 51260: (1, 1), 51274: (0, 0), 51288: (0, 5), 51302: (1, 2), 51316: (1, 1), 51330: (255, 127), 51344: (0, 4), 51358: (0, 2), 51372: (0, 0), 51386: (1, 0), 51400: (1, 2), 51414: (1, 2), 51428: (0, 0), 51442: (0, 127), 51456: (1, 1), 51470: (1, 2), 51484: (255, 0), 51498: (255, 0), 51512: (0, 0), 51526: (255, 4), 51540: (0, 1), 51554: (0, 0), 51568: (0, 0), 51582: (0, 4), 51596: (0, 0), 51610: (0, 0), 51624: (0, 0), 51638: (0, 6), 51652: (2, 3), 51666: (1, 1), 51680: (0, 1), 51694: (255, 6), 51708: (1, 1), 51722: (1, 1), 51736: (1, 1), 51750: (0, 6), 51764: (2, 1), 51778: (2, 0), 51792: (2, 0), 51806: (2, 3), 51820: (3, 2), 51834: (3, 1), 51848: (1, 0), 51862: (1, 5), 51876: (1, 2), 51890: (1, 1), 51904: (1, 1), 51918: (2, 5), 51932: (1, 2), 51946: (0, 0), 51960: (1, 0), 51974: (1, 6), 51988: (2, 1), 52002: (0, 1), 52016: (0, 0), 52030: (0, 6), 52044: (0, 2), 52058: (1, 1), 52072: (1, 1), 52086: (0, 6), 52100: (0, 2), 52114: (1, 2), 52128: (2, 1), 52142: (2, 6), 52156: (1, 1), 52170: (2, 0), 52184: (2, 127), 52198: (2, 1), 52212: (2, 124), 52226: (2, 124), 52240: (2, 125), 52254: (3, 1), 52268: (1, 126), 52282: (0, 125), 52296: (0, 125), 52310: (1, 3), 52324: (2, 0), 52338: (1, 127), 52352: (0, 2), 52366: (1, 2), 52380: (1, 1), 52394: (1, 1), 52408: (1, 3), 52422: (1, 2), 52436: (0, 0), 52450: (0, 0), 52464: (1, 3), 52478: (1, 1), 52492: (0, 0), 52506: (0, 127), 52520: (0, 5), 52534: (0, 0), 52548: (255, 127), 52562: (255, 127), 52576: (0, 4), 52590: (1, 1), 52604: (0, 0), 52618: (255, 127), 52632: (0, 5), 52646: (1, 1), 52660: (1, 0), 52674: (1, 126), 52688: (2, 5), 52702: (2, 3), 52716: (2, 2), 52730: (2, 2), 52744: (1, 6), 52758: (0, 1), 52772: (0, 1), 52786: (1, 2), 52800: (1, 5), 52814: (0, 2), 52828: (1, 1), 52842: (1, 5), 52856: (0, 2), 52870: (0, 1), 52884: (0, 1), 52898: (0, 5), 52912: (0, 3), 52926: (1, 2), 52940: (1, 2), 52954: (0, 6), 52968: (0, 2), 52982: (1, 1), 52996: (1, 0), 53010: (0, 4), 53024: (0, 2), 53038: (0, 1), 53052: (0, 1), 53066: (0, 6), 53080: (1, 2), 53094: (1, 1), 53108: (1, 1), 53122: (0, 5), 53136: (0, 2), 53150: (1, 0), 53164: (0, 0), 53178: (0, 4), 53192: (1, 1), 53206: (0, 0), 53220: (255, 127), 53234: (0, 4), 53248: (0, 1), 53262: (0, 0), 53276: (0, 127), 53290: (0, 5), 53304: (1, 2), 53318: (2, 0), 53332: (2, 127), 53346: (2, 4), 53360: (2, 1), 53374: (2, 1), 53388: (2, 1), 53402: (1, 4), 53416: (1, 2), 53430: (0, 0), 53444: (0, 0), 53458: (0, 4), 53472: (0, 2), 53486: (0, 0), 53500: (1, 1), 53514: (1, 3), 53528: (0, 3), 53542: (0, 1), 53556: (0, 1), 53570: (0, 4), 53584: (1, 4), 53598: (1, 2), 53612: (0, 1), 53626: (0, 5), 53640: (1, 3), 53654: (1, 1), 53668: (0, 1), 53682: (0, 6), 53696: (1, 2), 53710: (1, 0), 53724: (1, 126), 53738: (1, 1), 53752: (2, 125), 53766: (1, 124), 53780: (1, 124), 53794: (1, 3), 53808: (1, 126), 53822: (1, 126), 53836: (0, 126), 53850: (1, 4), 53864: (1, 0), 53878: (0, 0), 53892: (255, 0), 53906: (1, 5), 53920: (2, 1), 53934: (0, 0), 53948: (255, 0), 53962: (1, 4), 53976: (1, 1), 53990: (0, 0), 54004: (1, 2), 54018: (1, 3), 54032: (255, 0), 54046: (0, 0), 54060: (1, 2), 54074: (1, 3), 54088: (1, 0), 54102: (2, 127), 54116: (2, 3), 54130: (1, 1), 54144: (1, 1), 54158: (1, 0), 54172: (1, 5), 54186: (1, 2), 54200: (0, 0), 54214: (0, 1), 54228: (0, 6), 54242: (0, 1), 54256: (1, 1), 54270: (2, 2), 54284: (0, 6), 54298: (0, 1), 54312: (0, 0), 54326: (1, 1), 54340: (1, 5), 54354: (0, 0), 54368: (0, 1), 54382: (1, 3), 54396: (1, 3), 54410: (0, 2), 54424: (1, 2), 54438: (1, 6), 54452: (1, 3), 54466: (1, 1), 54480: (0, 1), 54494: (0, 5), 54508: (1, 3), 54522: (1, 2), 54536: (0, 1), 54550: (255, 7), 54564: (0, 2), 54578: (1, 2), 54592: (1, 1), 54606: (0, 7), 54620: (255, 2), 54634: (255, 1), 54648: (0, 3), 54662: (1, 4), 54676: (0, 1), 54690: (0, 1), 54704: (255, 4), 54718: (0, 2), 54732: (0, 0), 54746: (0, 0), 54760: (0, 6), 54774: (0, 1), 54788: (0, 0), 54802: (255, 0), 54816: (0, 6), 54830: (1, 1), 54844: (1, 1), 54858: (1, 2), 54872: (1, 7), 54886: (0, 1), 54900: (0, 1), 54914: (1, 3), 54928: (2, 4), 54942: (2, 1), 54956: (1, 0), 54970: (1, 3), 54984: (2, 3), 54998: (1, 2), 55012: (1, 1), 55026: (1, 7), 55040: (2, 3), 55054: (0, 1), 55068: (0, 1), 55082: (1, 8), 55096: (1, 2), 55110: (1, 2), 55124: (1, 1), 55138: (0, 5), 55152: (255, 0), 55166: (0, 0), 55180: (0, 2), 55194: (1, 4), 55208: (0, 0), 55222: (255, 127), 55236: (255, 4), 55250: (1, 2), 55264: (1, 1), 55278: (0, 0), 55292: (0, 6), 55306: (0, 1), 55320: (0, 0), 55334: (255, 0), 55348: (0, 7), 55362: (0, 1), 55376: (255, 0), 55390: (255, 0), 55404: (255, 6), 55418: (255, 0), 55432: (0, 0), 55446: (0, 0), 55460: (0, 6), 55474: (255, 0), 55488: (254, 127), 55502: (255, 0), 55516: (0, 6), 55530: (0, 0), 55544: (1, 0), 55558: (1, 127), 55572: (1, 127), 55586: (1, 4), 55600: (2, 2), 55614: (1, 1), 55628: (1, 0), 55642: (0, 5), 55656: (0, 2), 55670: (0, 1), 55684: (0, 1), 55698: (1, 4), 55712: (1, 3), 55726: (0, 1), 55740: (0, 1), 55754: (0, 2), 55768: (1, 6), 55782: (1, 2), 55796: (1, 1), 55810: (0, 0), 55824: (0, 6), 55838: (1, 0), 55852: (1, 1), 55866: (1, 1), 55880: (0, 6), 55894: (0, 2), 55908: (0, 0), 55922: (0, 0), 55936: (255, 5), 55950: (0, 0), 55964: (0, 1), 55978: (1, 2), 55992: (0, 8), 56006: (0, 2), 56020: (0, 1), 56034: (0, 0), 56048: (1, 5), 56062: (1, 0), 56076: (0, 127), 56090: (1, 127), 56104: (2, 3), 56118: (2, 127), 56132: (2, 126), 56146: (1, 127), 56160: (1, 127), 56174: (2, 125), 56188: (2, 125), 56202: (1, 0), 56216: (1, 1), 56230: (0, 127), 56244: (1, 0), 56258: (2, 2), 56272: (1, 2), 56286: (1, 127), 56300: (1, 127), 56314: (2, 3), 56328: (0, 1), 56342: (0, 0), 56356: (1, 1), 56370: (0, 3), 56384: (1, 3), 56398: (0, 1), 56412: (0, 1), 56426: (0, 3), 56440: (0, 2), 56454: (1, 0), 56468: (0, 127), 56482: (255, 2), 56496: (0, 1), 56510: (1, 0), 56524: (1, 0), 56538: (0, 2), 56552: (0, 2), 56566: (1, 2), 56580: (0, 1), 56594: (0, 4), 56608: (0, 3), 56622: (0, 1), 56636: (0, 0), 56650: (0, 2), 56664: (0, 3), 56678: (0, 1), 56692: (0, 0), 56706: (1, 0), 56720: (1, 1), 56734: (0, 126), 56748: (0, 127), 56762: (0, 127), 56776: (1, 3), 56790: (1, 1), 56804: (1, 0), 56818: (1, 0), 56832: (2, 3), 56846: (2, 0), 56860: (2, 127), 56874: (2, 2), 56888: (1, 3), 56902: (1, 0), 56916: (1, 0), 56930: (0, 3), 56944: (0, 3), 56958: (0, 1), 56972: (0, 0), 56986: (1, 4), 57000: (0, 2), 57014: (255, 0), 57028: (0, 0), 57042: (1, 4), 57056: (1, 2), 57070: (255, 0), 57084: (255, 0), 57098: (255, 3), 57112: (0, 2), 57126: (0, 0), 57140: (255, 0), 57154: (0, 4), 57168: (2, 2), 57182: (1, 0), 57196: (1, 0), 57210: (0, 4), 57224: (1, 1), 57238: (0, 1), 57252: (0, 1), 57266: (0, 4), 57280: (0, 2), 57294: (0, 2), 57308: (0, 1), 57322: (0, 5), 57336: (0, 2), 57350: (0, 2), 57364: (0, 1), 57378: (0, 6), 57392: (0, 3), 57406: (255, 1), 57420: (0, 1), 57434: (0, 4), 57448: (1, 3), 57462: (1, 1), 57476: (1, 0), 57490: (1, 4), 57504: (1, 2), 57518: (1, 1), 57532: (0, 127), 57546: (0, 4), 57560: (1, 1), 57574: (1, 0), 57588: (1, 0), 57602: (0, 3), 57616: (0, 1), 57630: (0, 0), 57644: (0, 0), 57658: (0, 4), 57672: (255, 2), 57686: (255, 0), 57700: (0, 0), 57714: (0, 2), 57728: (0, 2), 57742: (255, 0), 57756: (0, 0), 57770: (255, 0), 57784: (0, 4), 57798: (0, 1), 57812: (0, 0), 57826: (0, 1), 57840: (0, 5), 57854: (1, 1), 57868: (1, 0), 57882: (255, 127), 57896: (255, 6), 57910: (1, 2), 57924: (1, 1), 57938: (255, 0), 57952: (0, 6), 57966: (2, 1), 57980: (2, 1), 57994: (0, 0), 58008: (0, 5), 58022: (1, 1), 58036: (1, 0), 58050: (1, 0), 58064: (0, 6), 58078: (0, 1), 58092: (1, 0), 58106: (2, 127), 58120: (1, 4), 58134: (1, 0), 58148: (1, 127), 58162: (1, 127), 58176: (2, 1), 58190: (1, 0), 58204: (0, 127), 58218: (0, 0), 58232: (255, 127), 58246: (0, 4), 58260: (255, 0), 58274: (255, 127), 58288: (0, 0), 58302: (1, 6), 58316: (1, 0), 58330: (0, 0), 58344: (1, 127), 58358: (1, 6), 58372: (1, 1), 58386: (1, 0), 58400: (1, 1), 58414: (0, 6), 58428: (255, 1), 58442: (0, 1), 58456: (1, 1), 58470: (1, 7), 58484: (0, 1), 58498: (0, 1), 58512: (0, 0), 58526: (0, 7), 58540: (0, 2), 58554: (0, 1), 58568: (0, 1), 58582: (0, 6), 58596: (255, 1), 58610: (255, 0), 58624: (0, 0), 58638: (1, 6), 58652: (1, 2), 58666: (0, 1), 58680: (255, 0), 58694: (255, 4), 58708: (0, 1), 58722: (0, 0), 58736: (0, 0), 58750: (0, 2), 58764: (255, 1), 58778: (0, 127), 58792: (1, 127), 58806: (2, 1), 58820: (2, 1), 58834: (3, 2), 58848: (2, 0), 58862: (2, 2), 58876: (1, 3), 58890: (1, 0), 58904: (1, 1), 58918: (2, 1), 58932: (1, 5), 58946: (0, 1), 58960: (0, 1), 58974: (1, 0), 58988: (2, 7), 59002: (1, 2), 59016: (0, 1), 59030: (0, 1), 59044: (0, 6), 59058: (1, 2), 59072: (1, 1), 59086: (1, 0), 59100: (1, 4), 59114: (1, 1), 59128: (0, 0), 59142: (0, 0), 59156: (1, 5), 59170: (1, 3), 59184: (1, 2), 59198: (0, 1), 59212: (0, 3), 59226: (1, 2), 59240: (1, 1), 59254: (2, 1), 59268: (1, 3), 59282: (0, 2), 59296: (0, 1), 59310: (1, 1), 59324: (1, 3), 59338: (1, 3), 59352: (0, 1), 59366: (0, 1), 59380: (0, 1), 59394: (1, 5), 59408: (2, 3), 59422: (2, 2), 59436: (2, 1), 59450: (1, 5), 59464: (1, 1), 59478: (1, 0), 59492: (1, 0), 59506: (1, 6), 59520: (1, 1), 59534: (0, 1), 59548: (0, 1), 59562: (1, 5), 59576: (1, 1), 59590: (1, 1), 59604: (0, 0), 59618: (0, 3), 59632: (0, 0), 59646: (1, 0), 59660: (0, 1), 59674: (0, 2), 59688: (0, 0), 59702: (0, 0), 59716: (0, 3), 59730: (0, 2), 59744: (0, 0), 59758: (255, 127), 59772: (255, 3), 59786: (0, 1), 59800: (0, 1), 59814: (0, 1), 59828: (0, 6), 59842: (0, 2), 59856: (0, 0), 59870: (255, 0), 59884: (255, 4), 59898: (1, 1), 59912: (1, 0), 59926: (0, 127), 59940: (255, 2), 59954: (0, 3), 59968: (0, 1), 59982: (1, 1), 59996: (1, 0), 60010: (0, 5), 60024: (0, 1), 60038: (0, 1), 60052: (0, 0), 60066: (1, 6), 60080: (0, 1), 60094: (0, 0), 60108: (0, 1), 60122: (0, 7), 60136: (0, 0), 60150: (1, 127), 60164: (2, 127), 60178: (1, 4), 60192: (1, 0), 60206: (1, 127), 60220: (2, 125), 60234: (3, 127), 60248: (4, 126), 60262: (2, 126), 60276: (0, 126), 60290: (0, 126), 60304: (1, 5), 60318: (2, 0), 60332: (2, 0), 60346: (2, 0), 60360: (0, 5), 60374: (2, 1), 60388: (2, 0), 60402: (2, 0), 60416: (1, 4), 60430: (1, 1), 60444: (1, 0), 60458: (0, 127), 60472: (0, 2), 60486: (0, 1), 60500: (1, 127), 60514: (2, 0), 60528: (1, 126), 60542: (2, 2), 60556: (2, 127), 60570: (2, 1), 60584: (3, 1), 60598: (2, 4), 60612: (1, 127), 60626: (0, 127), 60640: (1, 0), 60654: (1, 6), 60668: (1, 1), 60682: (0, 0), 60696: (0, 0), 60710: (1, 6), 60724: (0, 1), 60738: (0, 1), 60752: (0, 1), 60766: (1, 6), 60780: (1, 2), 60794: (1, 2), 60808: (0, 1), 60822: (1, 5), 60836: (1, 1), 60850: (1, 1), 60864: (0, 1), 60878: (0, 4), 60892: (0, 1), 60906: (0, 0), 60920: (0, 0), 60934: (0, 4), 60948: (0, 0), 60962: (1, 1), 60976: (1, 1), 60990: (0, 3), 61004: (0, 0), 61018: (0, 0), 61032: (0, 3), 61046: (0, 1), 61060: (0, 0), 61074: (0, 127), 61088: (0, 4), 61102: (0, 0), 61116: (1, 0), 61130: (0, 127), 61144: (255, 5), 61158: (0, 2), 61172: (1, 1), 61186: (0, 1), 61200: (0, 7), 61214: (0, 1), 61228: (2, 0), 61242: (2, 0), 61256: (2, 7), 61270: (2, 2), 61284: (1, 1), 61298: (1, 1), 61312: (1, 6), 61326: (1, 1), 61340: (1, 1), 61354: (0, 0), 61368: (1, 7), 61382: (2, 1), 61396: (1, 1), 61410: (1, 1), 61424: (0, 7), 61438: (1, 2), 61452: (1, 1), 61466: (0, 0), 61480: (0, 7), 61494: (2, 3), 61508: (2, 1), 61522: (1, 0), 61536: (0, 6), 61550: (1, 2), 61564: (1, 2), 61578: (2, 1), 61592: (1, 7), 61606: (0, 2), 61620: (0, 1), 61634: (0, 1), 61648: (1, 7), 61662: (1, 2), 61676: (0, 0), 61690: (0, 0), 61704: (0, 6), 61718: (255, 1), 61732: (0, 1), 61746: (0, 0), 61760: (0, 6), 61774: (0, 1), 61788: (1, 1), 61802: (1, 127), 61816: (1, 5), 61830: (2, 1), 61844: (3, 1), 61858: (2, 1), 61872: (1, 6), 61886: (0, 1), 61900: (1, 1), 61914: (1, 0), 61928: (0, 6), 61942: (0, 1), 61956: (0, 1), 61970: (0, 0), 61984: (0, 6), 61998: (0, 1), 62012: (1, 0), 62026: (1, 1), 62040: (1, 6), 62054: (0, 1), 62068: (0, 1), 62082: (0, 0), 62096: (1, 6), 62110: (1, 2), 62124: (1, 1), 62138: (0, 1), 62152: (0, 6), 62166: (0, 1), 62180: (1, 1), 62194: (1, 1), 62208: (1, 7), 62222: (0, 1), 62236: (1, 127), 62250: (1, 0), 62264: (1, 6), 62278: (2, 2), 62292: (1, 0), 62306: (2, 1), 62320: (1, 6), 62334: (2, 1), 62348: (4, 124), 62362: (2, 0), 62376: (2, 4), 62390: (1, 1), 62404: (0, 0), 62418: (0, 127), 62432: (0, 5), 62446: (1, 0), 62460: (1, 1), 62474: (255, 127), 62488: (255, 5), 62502: (0, 0), 62516: (0, 0), 62530: (0, 0), 62544: (0, 5), 62558: (0, 0), 62572: (0, 0), 62586: (0, 0), 62600: (0, 5), 62614: (0, 0), 62628: (0, 0), 62642: (0, 127), 62656: (255, 5), 62670: (255, 127), 62684: (255, 127), 62698: (0, 127), 62712: (0, 5), 62726: (255, 127), 62740: (0, 0), 62754: (0, 127), 62768: (1, 3), 62782: (2, 1), 62796: (2, 0), 62810: (1, 0), 62824: (1, 1), 62838: (1, 5), 62852: (2, 1), 62866: (1, 1), 62880: (0, 127), 62894: (0, 5), 62908: (0, 0), 62922: (0, 0), 62936: (0, 1), 62950: (1, 3), 62964: (1, 2), 62978: (0, 1), 62992: (0, 0), 63006: (0, 0), 63020: (0, 5), 63034: (1, 1), 63048: (1, 1), 63062: (0, 0), 63076: (0, 4), 63090: (0, 0), 63104: (0, 0), 63118: (1, 1), 63132: (0, 5), 63146: (0, 2), 63160: (0, 0), 63174: (1, 127), 63188: (1, 127), 63202: (1, 1), 63216: (1, 125), 63230: (1, 126), 63244: (1, 127), 63258: (1, 3), 63272: (1, 126), 63286: (1, 125), 63300: (1, 125), 63314: (1, 4), 63328: (1, 127), 63342: (0, 127), 63356: (0, 127), 63370: (1, 3), 63384: (2, 125), 63398: (1, 123), 63412: (1, 123), 63426: (2, 1), 63440: (1, 125), 63454: (1, 125), 63468: (1, 126), 63482: (1, 3), 63496: (1, 127), 63510: (1, 126), 63524: (1, 127), 63538: (0, 4), 63552: (0, 1), 63566: (0, 1), 63580: (1, 0), 63594: (1, 1), 63608: (1, 2), 63622: (0, 0), 63636: (1, 1), 63650: (1, 1), 63664: (0, 5), 63678: (0, 1), 63692: (1, 1), 63706: (2, 1), 63720: (2, 3), 63734: (1, 127), 63748: (2, 126), 63762: (2, 126), 63776: (2, 0), 63790: (3, 125), 63804: (3, 124), 63818: (1, 125), 63832: (0, 3), 63846: (1, 127), 63860: (1, 127), 63874: (0, 127), 63888: (0, 3), 63902: (1, 0), 63916: (1, 0), 63930: (0, 0), 63944: (0, 4), 63958: (0, 1), 63972: (1, 0), 63986: (0, 0), 64000: (0, 3), 64014: (255, 0), 64028: (0, 127), 64042: (1, 0), 64056: (1, 3), 64070: (0, 0), 64084: (255, 127), 64098: (255, 0), 64112: (0, 3), 64126: (1, 0), 64140: (0, 0), 64154: (0, 0), 64168: (0, 4), 64182: (255, 0), 64196: (255, 127), 64210: (255, 127), 64224: (0, 5), 64238: (1, 1), 64252: (1, 127), 64266: (0, 126), 64280: (0, 127), 64294: (0, 4), 64308: (0, 0), 64322: (0, 0), 64336: (255, 0), 64350: (0, 6), 64364: (0, 2), 64378: (0, 0), 64392: (1, 0), 64406: (0, 2), 64420: (0, 1), 64434: (0, 1), 64448: (0, 0), 64462: (0, 0), 64476: (0, 6), 64490: (1, 1), 64504: (1, 1), 64518: (0, 1), 64532: (255, 6), 64546: (0, 1), 64560: (0, 0), 64574: (0, 1), 64588: (0, 5), 64602: (0, 1), 64616: (0, 0), 64630: (0, 0), 64644: (0, 1), 64658: (0, 4), 64672: (0, 1), 64686: (0, 0), 64700: (1, 0), 64714: (1, 5), 64728: (2, 2), 64742: (2, 2), 64756: (0, 0), 64770: (0, 5), 64784: (1, 3), 64798: (0, 1), 64812: (255, 0), 64826: (255, 3), 64840: (1, 3), 64854: (0, 1), 64868: (0, 1), 64882: (0, 0), 64896: (0, 3), 64910: (0, 0), 64924: (255, 0), 64938: (254, 127), 64952: (0, 4), 64966: (0, 0), 64980: (255, 0), 64994: (254, 127), 65008: (255, 5), 65022: (255, 0), 65036: (0, 0), 65050: (0, 0), 65064: (0, 5), 65078: (254, 0), 65092: (254, 0), 65106: (255, 127), 65120: (0, 5), 65134: (255, 0), 65148: (255, 127), 65162: (254, 127), 65176: (255, 5), 65190: (255, 1), 65204: (255, 0), 65218: (255, 1), 65232: (0, 5), 65246: (0, 3), 65260: (255, 0), 65274: (254, 0), 65288: (255, 3), 65302: (1, 3), 65316: (1, 3), 65330: (255, 1), 65344: (254, 1), 65358: (255, 4), 65372: (0, 2), 65386: (0, 1), 65400: (255, 1), 65414: (0, 7), 65428: (255, 1), 65442: (0, 1), 65456: (0, 0), 65470: (0, 6), 65484: (1, 1), 65498: (1, 1), 65512: (1, 1), 65526: (0, 7), 65540: (1, 2), 65554: (1, 1), 65568: (2, 1), 65582: (0, 6), 65596: (0, 2), 65610: (255, 0), 65624: (0, 0), 65638: (1, 6), 65652: (1, 1), 65666: (0, 0), 65680: (255, 127), 65694: (0, 5), 65708: (1, 1), 65722: (1, 0), 65736: (1, 0), 65750: (1, 5), 65764: (1, 127), 65778: (1, 127), 65792: (1, 126), 65806: (1, 3), 65820: (1, 1), 65834: (1, 0), 65848: (1, 1), 65862: (0, 4), 65876: (255, 0), 65890: (0, 1), 65904: (1, 2), 65918: (1, 4), 65932: (0, 1), 65946: (0, 0), 65960: (0, 2), 65974: (1, 4), 65988: (2, 0), 66002: (1, 127), 66016: (0, 2), 66030: (0, 0), 66044: (1, 127), 66058: (1, 126), 66072: (1, 127), 66086: (0, 3), 66100: (0, 0), 66114: (0, 0), 66128: (0, 1), 66142: (1, 3), 66156: (1, 0), 66170: (1, 0), 66184: (0, 1), 66198: (255, 2), 66212: (255, 0), 66226: (0, 127), 66240: (0, 0), 66254: (0, 3), 66268: (255, 127), 66282: (254, 127), 66296: (0, 0), 66310: (0, 6), 66324: (0, 1), 66338: (255, 0), 66352: (255, 0), 66366: (0, 3), 66380: (0, 1), 66394: (0, 0), 66408: (0, 0), 66422: (0, 127), 66436: (0, 5), 66450: (0, 1), 66464: (1, 1), 66478: (1, 0), 66492: (1, 127), 66506: (2, 5), 66520: (2, 1), 66534: (1, 1), 66548: (0, 0), 66562: (0, 5), 66576: (1, 2), 66590: (1, 0), 66604: (0, 0), 66618: (0, 1), 66632: (1, 4), 66646: (1, 1), 66660: (1, 1), 66674: (1, 0), 66688: (1, 7), 66702: (2, 1), 66716: (2, 1), 66730: (1, 0), 66744: (0, 5), 66758: (1, 2), 66772: (1, 0), 66786: (1, 0), 66800: (0, 3), 66814: (1, 2), 66828: (3, 1), 66842: (3, 0), 66856: (2, 0), 66870: (1, 1), 66884: (2, 0), 66898: (2, 127), 66912: (2, 127), 66926: (1, 3), 66940: (0, 0), 66954: (0, 127), 66968: (0, 127), 66982: (1, 5), 66996: (1, 0), 67010: (0, 0), 67024: (0, 0), 67038: (1, 5), 67052: (1, 127), 67066: (1, 126), 67080: (1, 125), 67094: (1, 127), 67108: (1, 2), 67122: (0, 127), 67136: (0, 127), 67150: (1, 2), 67164: (1, 2), 67178: (1, 127), 67192: (0, 127), 67206: (0, 0), 67220: (1, 2), 67234: (1, 0), 67248: (1, 127), 67262: (0, 1), 67276: (0, 1), 67290: (255, 127), 67304: (0, 127), 67318: (0, 0), 67332: (0, 1), 67346: (0, 127), 67360: (255, 126), 67374: (0, 0), 67388: (2, 1), 67402: (1, 0), 67416: (1, 0), 67430: (0, 0), 67444: (0, 6), 67458: (0, 1), 67472: (0, 0), 67486: (0, 0), 67500: (0, 0), 67514: (0, 4), 67528: (0, 0), 67542: (0, 127), 67556: (0, 127), 67570: (0, 5), 67584: (1, 0), 67598: (1, 127), 67612: (1, 126), 67626: (1, 0), 67640: (1, 0), 67654: (1, 126), 67668: (1, 126), 67682: (1, 126), 67696: (1, 4), 67710: (0, 127), 67724: (0, 127), 67738: (0, 127), 67752: (0, 2), 67766: (1, 1), 67780: (1, 0), 67794: (0, 127), 67808: (0, 126), 67822: (0, 4), 67836: (1, 0), 67850: (1, 126), 67864: (1, 126), 67878: (0, 2), 67892: (1, 127), 67906: (1, 126), 67920: (1, 126), 67934: (0, 126), 67948: (0, 4), 67962: (1, 0), 67976: (0, 127), 67990: (0, 127), 68004: (0, 4), 68018: (1, 1), 68032: (2, 0), 68046: (2, 127), 68060: (2, 1), 68074: (1, 0), 68088: (1, 127), 68102: (1, 0), 68116: (1, 1), 68130: (1, 3), 68144: (1, 0), 68158: (2, 0), 68172: (2, 0), 68186: (0, 5), 68200: (0, 1), 68214: (1, 0), 68228: (1, 127), 68242: (1, 4), 68256: (1, 2), 68270: (1, 0), 68284: (1, 0), 68298: (1, 2), 68312: (1, 3), 68326: (1, 1), 68340: (1, 0), 68354: (1, 0), 68368: (1, 5), 68382: (1, 0), 68396: (0, 126), 68410: (0, 127), 68424: (0, 5), 68438: (1, 0), 68452: (0, 0), 68466: (255, 127), 68480: (0, 4), 68494: (1, 2), 68508: (0, 1), 68522: (0, 0), 68536: (0, 3), 68550: (0, 2), 68564: (0, 0), 68578: (1, 0), 68592: (0, 0), 68606: (0, 5), 68620: (0, 1), 68634: (0, 1), 68648: (1, 0), 68662: (0, 6), 68676: (0, 1), 68690: (0, 0), 68704: (1, 1), 68718: (0, 5), 68732: (0, 1), 68746: (0, 0), 68760: (1, 0), 68774: (1, 4), 68788: (0, 1), 68802: (0, 0), 68816: (1, 0), 68830: (2, 3), 68844: (2, 3), 68858: (3, 1), 68872: (2, 2), 68886: (1, 4), 68900: (2, 3), 68914: (2, 1), 68928: (2, 1), 68942: (2, 2), 68956: (2, 4), 68970: (2, 1), 68984: (2, 1), 68998: (2, 0), 69012: (2, 6), 69026: (3, 1), 69040: (3, 1), 69054: (2, 0), 69068: (1, 6), 69082: (1, 1), 69096: (2, 1), 69110: (2, 1), 69124: (2, 5), 69138: (2, 1), 69152: (2, 0), 69166: (2, 0), 69180: (3, 4), 69194: (3, 3), 69208: (2, 1), 69222: (1, 0), 69236: (2, 0), 69250: (1, 5), 69264: (1, 0), 69278: (0, 0), 69292: (1, 1), 69306: (1, 2), 69320: (1, 2), 69334: (0, 1), 69348: (1, 0), 69362: (1, 0), 69376: (1, 5), 69390: (0, 127), 69404: (255, 127), 69418: (0, 127), 69432: (0, 5), 69446: (1, 1), 69460: (0, 0), 69474: (255, 127), 69488: (255, 4), 69502: (0, 0), 69516: (0, 127), 69530: (0, 127), 69544: (255, 4), 69558: (0, 0), 69572: (255, 0), 69586: (255, 127), 69600: (255, 3), 69614: (0, 0), 69628: (0, 0), 69642: (255, 127), 69656: (254, 1), 69670: (255, 2), 69684: (255, 127), 69698: (0, 0), 69712: (0, 127), 69726: (255, 2), 69740: (254, 0), 69754: (255, 0), 69768: (0, 127), 69782: (0, 127), 69796: (255, 3), 69810: (0, 1), 69824: (0, 1), 69838: (0, 0), 69852: (0, 127), 69866: (0, 2), 69880: (1, 2), 69894: (0, 1), 69908: (255, 0), 69922: (0, 0), 69936: (0, 3), 69950: (1, 2), 69964: (0, 1), 69978: (255, 0), 69992: (255, 0), 70006: (0, 5), 70020: (0, 1), 70034: (1, 1), 70048: (0, 0), 70062: (0, 1), 70076: (0, 4), 70090: (0, 0), 70104: (0, 0), 70118: (0, 127), 70132: (255, 0), 70146: (0, 6), 70160: (0, 2), 70174: (0, 2), 70188: (0, 0), 70202: (0, 4), 70216: (1, 2), 70230: (0, 1), 70244: (0, 1), 70258: (0, 3), 70272: (1, 3), 70286: (1, 1), 70300: (0, 1), 70314: (0, 3), 70328: (0, 3), 70342: (0, 1), 70356: (0, 1), 70370: (1, 3), 70384: (1, 4), 70398: (0, 2), 70412: (255, 0), 70426: (0, 3), 70440: (1, 3), 70454: (0, 2), 70468: (0, 1), 70482: (0, 5), 70496: (0, 2), 70510: (0, 1), 70524: (0, 0), 70538: (0, 5), 70552: (0, 1), 70566: (0, 0), 70580: (255, 127), 70594: (255, 5), 70608: (255, 0), 70622: (0, 0), 70636: (0, 2), 70650: (255, 2), 70664: (255, 0), 70678: (255, 127), 70692: (0, 5), 70706: (0, 1), 70720: (0, 1), 70734: (0, 0), 70748: (0, 5), 70762: (1, 0), 70776: (2, 0), 70790: (2, 0), 70804: (0, 5), 70818: (1, 3), 70832: (1, 1), 70846: (1, 2), 70860: (1, 4), 70874: (1, 1), 70888: (0, 0), 70902: (0, 0), 70916: (0, 4), 70930: (0, 2), 70944: (0, 1), 70958: (0, 1), 70972: (0, 4), 70986: (0, 2), 71000: (0, 1), 71014: (0, 1), 71028: (0, 5), 71042: (0, 2), 71056: (0, 1), 71070: (0, 1), 71084: (0, 4), 71098: (0, 2), 71112: (0, 1), 71126: (0, 1), 71140: (0, 2), 71154: (0, 3), 71168: (0, 1), 71182: (1, 0), 71196: (0, 0), 71210: (0, 4), 71224: (1, 0), 71238: (1, 126), 71252: (1, 125), 71266: (0, 1), 71280: (0, 125), 71294: (1, 126), 71308: (1, 127), 71322: (255, 5), 71336: (0, 0), 71350: (0, 127), 71364: (1, 127), 71378: (0, 5), 71392: (0, 0), 71406: (1, 0), 71420: (1, 0), 71434: (0, 4), 71448: (1, 0), 71462: (1, 127), 71476: (1, 127), 71490: (0, 3), 71504: (1, 1), 71518: (1, 127), 71532: (1, 127), 71546: (1, 1), 71560: (1, 3), 71574: (1, 0), 71588: (0, 127), 71602: (0, 0), 71616: (2, 3), 71630: (1, 0), 71644: (0, 127), 71658: (0, 127), 71672: (0, 4), 71686: (1, 0), 71700: (0, 0), 71714: (1, 0), 71728: (0, 5), 71742: (0, 1), 71756: (1, 0), 71770: (1, 0), 71784: (1, 5), 71798: (1, 0), 71812: (0, 127), 71826: (0, 127), 71840: (1, 5), 71854: (1, 1), 71868: (1, 127), 71882: (1, 127), 71896: (1, 4), 71910: (1, 0), 71924: (0, 127), 71938: (0, 127), 71952: (0, 3), 71966: (0, 1), 71980: (0, 127), 71994: (255, 127), 72008: (0, 3), 72022: (0, 1), 72036: (0, 0), 72050: (0, 0), 72064: (255, 1), 72078: (0, 4), 72092: (0, 1), 72106: (0, 0), 72120: (0, 0), 72134: (0, 6), 72148: (0, 0), 72162: (0, 1), 72176: (0, 0), 72190: (255, 5), 72204: (1, 1), 72218: (1, 1), 72232: (0, 0), 72246: (0, 3), 72260: (0, 2), 72274: (0, 1), 72288: (0, 0), 72302: (0, 126), 72316: (1, 4), 72330: (0, 0), 72344: (0, 0), 72358: (0, 0), 72372: (0, 4), 72386: (1, 3), 72400: (0, 0), 72414: (0, 0), 72428: (0, 2), 72442: (0, 4), 72456: (0, 1), 72470: (0, 1), 72484: (1, 1), 72498: (0, 7), 72512: (0, 1), 72526: (255, 0), 72540: (255, 127), 72554: (0, 5), 72568: (1, 2), 72582: (1, 2), 72596: (0, 0), 72610: (255, 3), 72624: (0, 3), 72638: (0, 1), 72652: (0, 1), 72666: (0, 0), 72680: (255, 5), 72694: (255, 0), 72708: (0, 127), 72722: (0, 127), 72736: (255, 5), 72750: (0, 0), 72764: (255, 0), 72778: (255, 127), 72792: (255, 5), 72806: (255, 0), 72820: (0, 0), 72834: (0, 127), 72848: (254, 4), 72862: (254, 0), 72876: (255, 127), 72890: (0, 0), 72904: (0, 1), 72918: (0, 3), 72932: (255, 127), 72946: (255, 127), 72960: (0, 127), 72974: (0, 4), 72988: (0, 1), 73002: (255, 0), 73016: (255, 0), 73030: (255, 0), 73044: (255, 5), 73058: (255, 1), 73072: (0, 0), 73086: (0, 0), 73100: (0, 1), 73114: (0, 6), 73128: (255, 1), 73142: (0, 1), 73156: (0, 1), 73170: (0, 2), 73184: (0, 3), 73198: (255, 1), 73212: (255, 1), 73226: (0, 1), 73240: (0, 6), 73254: (0, 2), 73268: (255, 1), 73282: (255, 1), 73296: (0, 1), 73310: (0, 7), 73324: (0, 1), 73338: (0, 2), 73352: (0, 1), 73366: (0, 3), 73380: (0, 3), 73394: (0, 0), 73408: (0, 127), 73422: (1, 0), 73436: (1, 4), 73450: (0, 1), 73464: (255, 1), 73478: (255, 1), 73492: (0, 4), 73506: (1, 3), 73520: (0, 1), 73534: (255, 1), 73548: (255, 3), 73562: (0, 3), 73576: (0, 2), 73590: (0, 1), 73604: (0, 2), 73618: (255, 4), 73632: (0, 2), 73646: (0, 1), 73660: (0, 1), 73674: (0, 5), 73688: (0, 1), 73702: (255, 0), 73716: (255, 0), 73730: (0, 4), 73744: (255, 0), 73758: (0, 0), 73772: (255, 0), 73786: (255, 5), 73800: (255, 0), 73814: (0, 0), 73828: (0, 0), 73842: (0, 5), 73856: (255, 0), 73870: (255, 127), 73884: (0, 127), 73898: (0, 5), 73912: (255, 0), 73926: (255, 0), 73940: (255, 0), 73954: (0, 3), 73968: (0, 1), 73982: (255, 0), 73996: (255, 127), 74010: (0, 4), 74024: (255, 0), 74038: (255, 0), 74052: (255, 127), 74066: (255, 6), 74080: (0, 2), 74094: (0, 1), 74108: (255, 0), 74122: (255, 5), 74136: (255, 1), 74150: (0, 1), 74164: (0, 0), 74178: (0, 1), 74192: (255, 4), 74206: (255, 1), 74220: (0, 1), 74234: (0, 1), 74248: (255, 6), 74262: (0, 3), 74276: (0, 2), 74290: (0, 1), 74304: (0, 2), 74318: (0, 4), 74332: (0, 1), 74346: (0, 2), 74360: (0, 2), 74374: (0, 6), 74388: (0, 2), 74402: (0, 2), 74416: (1, 1), 74430: (0, 6), 74444: (0, 2), 74458: (255, 1), 74472: (0, 1), 74486: (0, 2), 74500: (1, 5), 74514: (2, 1), 74528: (2, 2), 74542: (1, 1), 74556: (1, 5), 74570: (2, 2), 74584: (2, 1), 74598: (1, 1), 74612: (1, 6), 74626: (2, 2), 74640: (2, 2), 74654: (2, 1), 74668: (2, 6), 74682: (2, 1), 74696: (1, 0), 74710: (0, 0), 74724: (0, 6), 74738: (1, 1), 74752: (2, 1), 74766: (1, 127), 74780: (1, 5), 74794: (1, 127), 74808: (1, 0), 74822: (2, 0), 74836: (2, 5), 74850: (1, 0), 74864: (1, 127), 74878: (1, 127), 74892: (1, 4), 74906: (1, 0), 74920: (0, 127), 74934: (0, 1), 74948: (0, 3), 74962: (0, 0), 74976: (0, 0), 74990: (0, 1), 75004: (1, 2), 75018: (1, 2), 75032: (0, 0), 75046: (255, 2), 75060: (0, 2), 75074: (0, 1), 75088: (1, 1), 75102: (0, 0), 75116: (0, 4), 75130: (0, 0), 75144: (0, 1), 75158: (0, 1), 75172: (1, 4), 75186: (0, 1), 75200: (255, 0), 75214: (0, 1), 75228: (2, 5), 75242: (1, 2), 75256: (0, 1), 75270: (0, 2), 75284: (0, 4), 75298: (0, 1), 75312: (0, 0), 75326: (0, 0), 75340: (0, 4), 75354: (0, 0), 75368: (0, 0), 75382: (255, 0), 75396: (255, 4), 75410: (255, 0), 75424: (0, 0), 75438: (0, 127), 75452: (255, 4), 75466: (255, 0), 75480: (0, 0), 75494: (0, 0), 75508: (0, 5), 75522: (1, 2), 75536: (1, 0), 75550: (1, 1), 75564: (1, 7), 75578: (2, 3), 75592: (2, 1), 75606: (2, 1), 75620: (2, 5), 75634: (1, 0), 75648: (0, 127), 75662: (0, 0), 75676: (0, 3), 75690: (1, 3), 75704: (1, 1), 75718: (0, 1), 75732: (0, 0), 75746: (1, 6), 75760: (1, 0), 75774: (1, 0), 75788: (0, 0), 75802: (0, 5), 75816: (0, 1), 75830: (0, 1), 75844: (0, 1), 75858: (0, 3), 75872: (0, 3), 75886: (255, 1), 75900: (255, 1), 75914: (0, 3), 75928: (0, 3), 75942: (0, 1), 75956: (0, 1), 75970: (255, 1), 75984: (0, 5), 75998: (1, 0), 76012: (1, 127), 76026: (1, 127), 76040: (1, 3), 76054: (0, 126), 76068: (1, 126), 76082: (1, 127), 76096: (1, 5), 76110: (1, 0), 76124: (0, 127), 76138: (0, 127), 76152: (0, 5), 76166: (1, 0), 76180: (0, 0), 76194: (0, 0), 76208: (0, 6), 76222: (0, 0), 76236: (0, 0), 76250: (1, 0), 76264: (1, 5), 76278: (2, 1), 76292: (2, 1), 76306: (2, 1), 76320: (1, 6), 76334: (2, 0), 76348: (3, 2), 76362: (3, 1), 76376: (2, 7), 76390: (1, 1), 76404: (0, 0), 76418: (1, 0), 76432: (1, 4), 76446: (1, 1), 76460: (1, 0), 76474: (1, 2), 76488: (1, 3), 76502: (0, 0), 76516: (0, 127), 76530: (0, 4), 76544: (1, 1), 76558: (1, 0), 76572: (0, 127), 76586: (255, 5), 76600: (0, 0), 76614: (0, 0), 76628: (0, 0), 76642: (0, 5), 76656: (255, 127), 76670: (255, 127), 76684: (0, 1), 76698: (1, 3), 76712: (0, 0), 76726: (255, 127), 76740: (255, 2), 76754: (0, 1), 76768: (0, 127), 76782: (0, 1), 76796: (0, 3), 76810: (0, 3), 76824: (0, 1), 76838: (0, 1), 76852: (0, 1), 76866: (0, 4), 76880: (1, 2), 76894: (0, 1), 76908: (255, 0), 76922: (255, 6), 76936: (0, 2), 76950: (0, 0), 76964: (1, 0), 76978: (0, 6), 76992: (0, 1), 77006: (0, 2), 77020: (0, 1), 77034: (1, 4), 77048: (1, 3), 77062: (0, 1), 77076: (0, 1), 77090: (0, 2), 77104: (0, 4), 77118: (0, 1), 77132: (0, 1), 77146: (0, 0), 77160: (0, 5), 77174: (0, 1), 77188: (0, 0), 77202: (0, 1), 77216: (1, 7), 77230: (0, 2), 77244: (0, 1), 77258: (0, 1), 77272: (0, 6), 77286: (1, 2), 77300: (1, 0), 77314: (0, 0), 77328: (1, 3), 77342: (1, 126), 77356: (1, 126), 77370: (2, 125), 77384: (2, 126), 77398: (2, 123), 77412: (2, 123), 77426: (1, 127), 77440: (1, 0), 77454: (1, 127), 77468: (1, 127), 77482: (1, 4), 77496: (2, 0), 77510: (2, 127), 77524: (2, 127), 77538: (2, 6), 77552: (2, 1), 77566: (2, 0), 77580: (1, 0), 77594: (1, 5), 77608: (0, 0), 77622: (0, 127), 77636: (1, 127), 77650: (1, 4), 77664: (0, 127), 77678: (0, 127), 77692: (1, 2), 77706: (2, 1), 77720: (1, 126), 77734: (1, 125), 77748: (1, 2), 77762: (2, 0), 77776: (1, 127), 77790: (0, 126), 77804: (1, 4), 77818: (1, 127), 77832: (0, 126), 77846: (0, 127), 77860: (1, 4), 77874: (1, 0), 77888: (1, 0), 77902: (1, 3), 77916: (0, 2), 77930: (0, 0), 77944: (0, 127), 77958: (1, 5), 77972: (1, 2), 77986: (0, 1), 78000: (0, 127), 78014: (1, 5), 78028: (1, 1), 78042: (0, 0), 78056: (0, 0), 78070: (0, 5), 78084: (1, 127), 78098: (0, 127), 78112: (1, 0), 78126: (0, 7), 78140: (1, 1), 78154: (1, 1), 78168: (0, 0), 78182: (0, 6), 78196: (0, 1), 78210: (1, 1), 78224: (1, 2), 78238: (1, 5), 78252: (0, 0), 78266: (0, 0), 78280: (0, 3), 78294: (1, 3), 78308: (0, 0), 78322: (0, 1), 78336: (255, 3), 78350: (0, 1), 78364: (0, 0), 78378: (0, 127), 78392: (0, 4), 78406: (255, 0), 78420: (0, 127), 78434: (255, 127), 78448: (255, 5), 78462: (0, 0), 78476: (0, 127), 78490: (0, 127), 78504: (1, 4), 78518: (0, 127), 78532: (1, 127), 78546: (1, 1), 78560: (1, 4), 78574: (1, 1), 78588: (0, 0), 78602: (0, 3), 78616: (1, 3), 78630: (1, 1), 78644: (0, 0), 78658: (0, 4), 78672: (0, 2), 78686: (0, 1), 78700: (0, 0), 78714: (0, 4), 78728: (0, 1), 78742: (0, 1), 78756: (0, 1), 78770: (0, 5), 78784: (0, 1), 78798: (0, 0), 78812: (0, 0), 78826: (0, 6), 78840: (0, 1), 78854: (0, 1), 78868: (0, 0), 78882: (0, 4), 78896: (0, 1), 78910: (0, 0), 78924: (255, 127), 78938: (255, 4), 78952: (0, 0), 78966: (0, 0), 78980: (0, 0), 78994: (255, 5), 79008: (0, 0), 79022: (0, 0), 79036: (0, 127), 79050: (255, 5), 79064: (0, 0), 79078: (1, 1), 79092: (1, 127), 79106: (0, 5), 79120: (1, 2), 79134: (1, 1), 79148: (1, 0), 79162: (1, 7), 79176: (0, 0), 79190: (0, 0), 79204: (0, 0), 79218: (0, 6), 79232: (1, 2), 79246: (2, 2), 79260: (0, 0), 79274: (1, 7), 79288: (2, 1), 79302: (2, 127), 79316: (2, 0), 79330: (1, 4), 79344: (2, 2), 79358: (2, 1), 79372: (1, 0), 79386: (1, 4), 79400: (1, 1), 79414: (1, 0), 79428: (0, 0), 79442: (0, 4), 79456: (1, 2), 79470: (0, 0), 79484: (1, 1), 79498: (1, 6), 79512: (0, 1), 79526: (255, 127), 79540: (0, 127), 79554: (0, 5), 79568: (1, 0), 79582: (0, 127), 79596: (0, 127), 79610: (0, 5), 79624: (1, 0), 79638: (1, 127), 79652: (1, 127), 79666: (0, 2), 79680: (0, 127), 79694: (0, 127), 79708: (0, 1), 79722: (0, 1), 79736: (1, 0), 79750: (1, 0), 79764: (0, 3), 79778: (0, 2), 79792: (0, 0), 79806: (0, 0), 79820: (1, 5), 79834: (1, 2), 79848: (0, 0), 79862: (0, 127), 79876: (0, 5), 79890: (0, 0), 79904: (0, 126), 79918: (0, 127), 79932: (0, 6), 79946: (0, 1), 79960: (0, 0), 79974: (0, 127), 79988: (0, 3), 80002: (0, 0), 80016: (255, 126), 80030: (255, 126), 80044: (255, 126), 80058: (255, 4), 80072: (0, 0), 80086: (0, 127), 80100: (255, 127), 80114: (255, 127), 80128: (255, 3), 80142: (0, 0), 80156: (0, 0), 80170: (0, 0), 80184: (0, 127), 80198: (0, 3), 80212: (0, 2), 80226: (0, 0), 80240: (1, 0), 80254: (1, 1), 80268: (0, 6), 80282: (0, 2), 80296: (1, 1), 80310: (0, 0), 80324: (0, 1), 80338: (1, 1), 80352: (1, 0), 80366: (0, 127), 80380: (1, 0), 80394: (0, 4), 80408: (1, 0), 80422: (2, 1), 80436: (1, 0), 80450: (0, 0), 80464: (0, 2), 80478: (0, 0), 80492: (1, 0), 80506: (2, 1), 80520: (0, 5), 80534: (0, 1), 80548: (2, 1), 80562: (3, 2), 80576: (2, 2), 80590: (2, 1), 80604: (2, 126), 80618: (2, 126), 80632: (1, 126), 80646: (2, 4), 80660: (2, 126), 80674: (2, 127), 80688: (1, 0), 80702: (0, 4), 80716: (0, 0), 80730: (1, 127), 80744: (1, 127), 80758: (1, 4), 80772: (0, 127), 80786: (0, 126), 80800: (0, 126), 80814: (1, 2), 80828: (1, 127), 80842: (0, 126), 80856: (0, 125), 80870: (255, 2), 80884: (0, 127), 80898: (1, 126), 80912: (0, 125), 80926: (0, 4), 80940: (1, 0), 80954: (0, 127), 80968: (255, 126), 80982: (0, 3), 80996: (0, 0), 81010: (0, 127), 81024: (0, 127), 81038: (255, 3), 81052: (0, 0), 81066: (1, 127), 81080: (0, 126), 81094: (0, 0), 81108: (0, 3), 81122: (0, 0), 81136: (0, 127), 81150: (1, 0), 81164: (1, 5), 81178: (0, 0), 81192: (255, 127), 81206: (0, 127), 81220: (1, 1), 81234: (0, 2), 81248: (1, 1), 81262: (2, 0), 81276: (2, 127), 81290: (1, 6), 81304: (2, 0), 81318: (2, 1), 81332: (1, 0), 81346: (1, 4), 81360: (1, 2), 81374: (1, 1), 81388: (0, 0), 81402: (1, 0), 81416: (1, 4), 81430: (2, 1), 81444: (1, 0), 81458: (0, 127), 81472: (0, 4), 81486: (1, 1), 81500: (1, 127), 81514: (1, 126), 81528: (1, 0), 81542: (1, 1), 81556: (1, 127), 81570: (1, 127), 81584: (0, 126), 81598: (0, 1), 81612: (1, 127), 81626: (0, 126), 81640: (0, 126), 81654: (0, 4), 81668: (0, 0), 81682: (1, 0), 81696: (0, 0), 81710: (255, 4), 81724: (255, 127), 81738: (0, 127), 81752: (0, 127), 81766: (0, 2), 81780: (255, 0), 81794: (0, 127), 81808: (1, 127), 81822: (1, 0), 81836: (1, 2), 81850: (1, 1), 81864: (1, 0), 81878: (0, 0), 81892: (0, 5), 81906: (1, 1), 81920: (0, 0), 81934: (1, 1), 81948: (0, 4), 81962: (1, 1), 81976: (0, 1), 81990: (0, 0), 82004: (0, 0), 82018: (1, 5), 82032: (0, 0), 82046: (1, 1), 82060: (0, 0), 82074: (0, 5), 82088: (1, 0), 82102: (1, 2), 82116: (0, 0), 82130: (0, 3), 82144: (0, 1), 82158: (1, 1), 82172: (0, 0), 82186: (0, 0), 82200: (0, 4), 82214: (1, 1), 82228: (0, 0), 82242: (255, 0), 82256: (0, 5), 82270: (1, 1), 82284: (1, 0), 82298: (0, 0), 82312: (0, 3), 82326: (0, 1), 82340: (0, 0), 82354: (2, 1), 82368: (2, 3), 82382: (1, 2), 82396: (2, 0), 82410: (2, 127), 82424: (3, 1), 82438: (2, 2), 82452: (2, 0), 82466: (3, 0), 82480: (2, 1), 82494: (2, 3), 82508: (2, 127), 82522: (2, 127), 82536: (1, 0), 82550: (2, 4), 82564: (2, 1), 82578: (1, 0), 82592: (1, 2), 82606: (1, 4), 82620: (1, 1), 82634: (1, 1), 82648: (1, 3), 82662: (0, 2), 82676: (0, 0), 82690: (1, 1), 82704: (0, 4), 82718: (0, 1), 82732: (0, 0), 82746: (0, 0), 82760: (1, 4), 82774: (0, 1), 82788: (0, 0), 82802: (0, 127), 82816: (1, 5), 82830: (1, 1), 82844: (0, 127), 82858: (255, 127), 82872: (0, 4), 82886: (0, 1), 82900: (0, 127), 82914: (255, 127), 82928: (0, 5), 82942: (0, 0), 82956: (1, 127), 82970: (0, 127), 82984: (0, 6), 82998: (0, 127), 83012: (0, 0), 83026: (1, 0), 83040: (0, 5), 83054: (0, 0), 83068: (0, 127), 83082: (1, 1), 83096: (1, 6), 83110: (1, 1), 83124: (0, 0), 83138: (255, 1), 83152: (0, 5), 83166: (1, 1), 83180: (0, 0), 83194: (0, 1), 83208: (1, 5), 83222: (1, 2), 83236: (2, 2), 83250: (2, 1), 83264: (2, 2), 83278: (3, 3), 83292: (3, 2), 83306: (2, 1), 83320: (0, 0), 83334: (0, 4), 83348: (1, 0), 83362: (1, 0), 83376: (1, 0), 83390: (0, 6), 83404: (0, 1), 83418: (1, 1), 83432: (1, 0), 83446: (1, 6), 83460: (0, 1), 83474: (0, 1), 83488: (0, 0), 83502: (0, 5), 83516: (0, 0), 83530: (0, 127), 83544: (1, 126), 83558: (1, 4), 83572: (0, 125), 83586: (255, 124), 83600: (255, 125), 83614: (0, 4), 83628: (1, 0), 83642: (0, 127), 83656: (255, 127), 83670: (255, 5), 83684: (0, 0), 83698: (0, 127), 83712: (0, 127), 83726: (255, 3), 83740: (255, 0), 83754: (255, 127), 83768: (0, 127), 83782: (0, 127), 83796: (1, 2), 83810: (1, 0), 83824: (0, 127), 83838: (0, 127), 83852: (1, 0), 83866: (1, 2), 83880: (2, 127), 83894: (2, 0), 83908: (1, 127), 83922: (1, 2), 83936: (2, 2), 83950: (3, 2), 83964: (1, 0), 83978: (1, 0), 83992: (0, 5), 84006: (0, 1), 84020: (1, 1), 84034: (1, 0), 84048: (1, 0), 84062: (0, 6), 84076: (1, 1), 84090: (1, 1), 84104: (1, 1), 84118: (0, 1), 84132: (1, 3), 84146: (1, 2), 84160: (1, 1), 84174: (1, 0), 84188: (0, 5), 84202: (1, 1), 84216: (2, 1), 84230: (1, 0), 84244: (0, 2), 84258: (1, 2), 84272: (1, 1), 84286: (2, 0), 84300: (2, 0), 84314: (1, 6), 84328: (0, 0), 84342: (1, 0), 84356: (1, 1), 84370: (2, 5), 84384: (2, 1), 84398: (2, 0), 84412: (2, 1), 84426: (1, 3), 84440: (1, 2), 84454: (2, 1), 84468: (2, 1), 84482: (2, 0), 84496: (1, 4), 84510: (0, 0), 84524: (0, 0), 84538: (2, 0), 84552: (1, 6), 84566: (1, 0), 84580: (0, 0), 84594: (0, 0), 84608: (1, 6), 84622: (2, 2), 84636: (1, 1), 84650: (0, 127), 84664: (0, 6), 84678: (1, 2), 84692: (2, 1), 84706: (1, 0), 84720: (1, 5), 84734: (1, 0), 84748: (2, 0), 84762: (2, 127), 84776: (1, 4), 84790: (1, 127), 84804: (2, 126), 84818: (0, 126), 84832: (0, 0), 84846: (0, 1), 84860: (2, 1), 84874: (2, 0), 84888: (2, 127), 84902: (2, 3), 84916: (2, 0), 84930: (2, 0), 84944: (3, 0), 84958: (3, 5), 84972: (3, 0), 84986: (2, 127), 85000: (1, 127), 85014: (1, 5), 85028: (1, 0), 85042: (1, 0), 85056: (1, 0), 85070: (1, 5), 85084: (1, 0), 85098: (0, 1), 85112: (0, 0), 85126: (1, 5), 85140: (1, 1), 85154: (1, 0), 85168: (0, 127), 85182: (0, 5), 85196: (1, 0), 85210: (1, 0), 85224: (1, 0), 85238: (1, 6), 85252: (1, 0), 85266: (1, 127), 85280: (1, 126), 85294: (1, 3), 85308: (2, 1), 85322: (1, 0), 85336: (0, 0), 85350: (0, 3), 85364: (1, 1), 85378: (1, 1), 85392: (0, 0), 85406: (0, 2), 85420: (1, 3), 85434: (0, 1), 85448: (0, 0), 85462: (0, 1), 85476: (2, 5), 85490: (2, 2), 85504: (1, 1), 85518: (0, 0), 85532: (0, 5), 85546: (2, 2), 85560: (2, 1), 85574: (1, 0), 85588: (0, 5), 85602: (1, 0), 85616: (1, 126), 85630: (1, 125), 85644: (0, 0), 85658: (0, 1), 85672: (1, 0), 85686: (1, 0), 85700: (2, 127), 85714: (1, 3), 85728: (2, 126), 85742: (2, 0), 85756: (3, 1), 85770: (1, 5), 85784: (1, 1), 85798: (1, 0), 85812: (1, 0), 85826: (0, 4), 85840: (0, 1), 85854: (0, 0), 85868: (1, 0), 85882: (0, 3), 85896: (1, 3), 85910: (1, 1), 85924: (1, 1), 85938: (0, 2), 85952: (1, 3), 85966: (1, 1), 85980: (0, 1), 85994: (0, 1), 86008: (1, 4), 86022: (1, 2), 86036: (0, 1), 86050: (0, 1), 86064: (0, 5), 86078: (1, 2), 86092: (0, 1), 86106: (1, 1), 86120: (1, 7), 86134: (1, 1), 86148: (1, 0), 86162: (1, 0), 86176: (0, 5), 86190: (0, 1), 86204: (1, 1), 86218: (1, 1), 86232: (1, 5), 86246: (0, 2), 86260: (0, 1), 86274: (1, 2), 86288: (1, 2), 86302: (1, 3), 86316: (0, 1), 86330: (0, 1), 86344: (1, 0), 86358: (0, 4), 86372: (0, 0), 86386: (0, 127), 86400: (0, 127), 86414: (1, 4), 86428: (0, 127), 86442: (0, 0), 86456: (0, 127), 86470: (0, 5), 86484: (1, 0), 86498: (1, 0), 86512: (0, 0), 86526: (0, 5), 86540: (1, 1), 86554: (1, 1), 86568: (1, 1), 86582: (0, 6), 86596: (1, 1), 86610: (2, 0), 86624: (3, 1), 86638: (2, 4), 86652: (3, 2), 86666: (3, 1), 86680: (2, 126), 86694: (2, 3), 86708: (2, 0), 86722: (2, 0), 86736: (1, 0), 86750: (1, 3), 86764: (0, 2), 86778: (0, 1), 86792: (0, 0), 86806: (1, 1), 86820: (1, 4), 86834: (1, 0), 86848: (0, 0), 86862: (0, 0), 86876: (1, 5), 86890: (2, 3), 86904: (2, 1), 86918: (2, 0), 86932: (2, 5), 86946: (2, 2), 86960: (2, 2), 86974: (2, 1), 86988: (2, 4), 87002: (3, 1), 87016: (2, 0), 87030: (1, 127), 87044: (0, 0), 87058: (1, 3), 87072: (2, 1), 87086: (2, 0), 87100: (1, 0), 87114: (0, 4), 87128: (0, 0), 87142: (1, 1), 87156: (1, 1), 87170: (1, 4), 87184: (1, 0), 87198: (1, 0), 87212: (0, 0), 87226: (1, 4), 87240: (1, 1), 87254: (1, 0), 87268: (1, 0), 87282: (1, 5), 87296: (1, 0), 87310: (0, 127), 87324: (0, 127), 87338: (1, 5), 87352: (1, 0), 87366: (0, 127), 87380: (0, 127), 87394: (0, 5), 87408: (2, 1), 87422: (1, 1), 87436: (1, 0), 87450: (0, 6), 87464: (0, 1), 87478: (0, 0), 87492: (0, 127), 87506: (0, 2), 87520: (0, 2), 87534: (0, 0), 87548: (0, 0), 87562: (0, 0), 87576: (0, 5), 87590: (0, 2), 87604: (0, 2), 87618: (0, 0), 87632: (0, 0), 87646: (0, 6), 87660: (0, 1), 87674: (1, 1), 87688: (1, 0), 87702: (1, 0), 87716: (0, 5), 87730: (0, 0), 87744: (1, 1), 87758: (1, 0), 87772: (0, 1), 87786: (1, 3), 87800: (0, 0), 87814: (1, 0), 87828: (1, 0), 87842: (1, 0), 87856: (1, 1), 87870: (0, 127), 87884: (1, 127), 87898: (1, 127), 87912: (0, 4), 87926: (0, 127), 87940: (0, 127), 87954: (1, 127), 87968: (1, 1), 87982: (1, 3), 87996: (1, 1), 88010: (2, 1), 88024: (2, 0), 88038: (1, 2), 88052: (1, 0), 88066: (2, 0), 88080: (3, 0), 88094: (3, 1), 88108: (1, 5), 88122: (0, 0), 88136: (0, 0), 88150: (1, 0), 88164: (1, 3), 88178: (1, 2), 88192: (1, 1), 88206: (1, 0), 88220: (1, 1), 88234: (0, 6), 88248: (1, 2), 88262: (1, 1), 88276: (1, 1), 88290: (1, 2), 88304: (1, 3), 88318: (1, 1), 88332: (2, 1), 88346: (2, 1), 88360: (1, 6), 88374: (0, 1), 88388: (0, 0), 88402: (0, 127), 88416: (2, 2), 88430: (2, 2), 88444: (1, 0), 88458: (0, 127), 88472: (0, 127), 88486: (1, 3), 88500: (1, 0), 88514: (0, 127), 88528: (0, 127), 88542: (0, 5), 88556: (0, 0), 88570: (0, 127), 88584: (1, 1), 88598: (1, 5), 88612: (1, 1), 88626: (0, 0), 88640: (0, 1), 88654: (1, 3), 88668: (2, 1), 88682: (3, 3), 88696: (2, 1), 88710: (0, 3), 88724: (0, 1), 88738: (1, 1), 88752: (1, 0), 88766: (1, 0), 88780: (1, 4), 88794: (1, 1), 88808: (0, 0), 88822: (0, 1), 88836: (1, 6), 88850: (1, 2), 88864: (1, 1), 88878: (1, 1), 88892: (0, 6), 88906: (0, 2), 88920: (0, 1), 88934: (1, 1), 88948: (1, 4), 88962: (1, 4), 88976: (0, 1), 88990: (0, 1), 89004: (1, 2), 89018: (1, 4), 89032: (1, 1), 89046: (0, 1), 89060: (0, 1), 89074: (0, 7), 89088: (1, 2), 89102: (1, 1), 89116: (1, 1), 89130: (0, 6), 89144: (0, 2), 89158: (0, 1), 89172: (0, 0), 89186: (0, 4), 89200: (0, 1), 89214: (0, 0), 89228: (0, 127), 89242: (0, 3), 89256: (0, 1), 89270: (0, 0), 89284: (0, 0), 89298: (0, 1), 89312: (255, 2), 89326: (0, 0), 89340: (0, 127), 89354: (0, 1), 89368: (0, 1), 89382: (0, 127), 89396: (0, 126), 89410: (0, 127), 89424: (0, 4), 89438: (255, 127), 89452: (255, 126), 89466: (0, 127), 89480: (0, 2), 89494: (0, 2), 89508: (0, 0), 89522: (0, 0), 89536: (0, 0), 89550: (1, 6), 89564: (0, 2), 89578: (0, 1), 89592: (0, 1), 89606: (0, 0), 89620: (0, 5), 89634: (1, 1), 89648: (0, 0), 89662: (1, 0), 89676: (1, 3), 89690: (1, 2), 89704: (0, 0), 89718: (0, 1), 89732: (0, 0), 89746: (1, 6), 89760: (1, 1), 89774: (0, 1), 89788: (0, 0), 89802: (0, 1), 89816: (2, 3), 89830: (3, 2), 89844: (2, 0), 89858: (2, 127), 89872: (2, 5), 89886: (2, 0), 89900: (2, 126), 89914: (3, 127), 89928: (3, 5), 89942: (1, 1), 89956: (1, 0), 89970: (1, 0), 89984: (0, 1), 89998: (1, 2), 90012: (2, 1), 90026: (2, 1), 90040: (0, 0), 90054: (0, 4), 90068: (1, 2), 90082: (1, 2), 90096: (2, 1), 90110: (1, 6), 90124: (1, 2), 90138: (1, 1), 90152: (0, 1), 90166: (0, 6), 90180: (1, 1), 90194: (1, 1), 90208: (1, 0), 90222: (0, 5), 90236: (0, 0), 90250: (0, 0), 90264: (1, 0), 90278: (1, 4), 90292: (1, 0), 90306: (0, 127), 90320: (0, 127), 90334: (0, 4), 90348: (1, 0), 90362: (1, 127), 90376: (1, 0), 90390: (0, 4), 90404: (0, 1), 90418: (1, 0), 90432: (1, 127), 90446: (1, 1), 90460: (2, 2), 90474: (2, 0), 90488: (2, 0), 90502: (0, 1), 90516: (1, 3), 90530: (1, 1), 90544: (1, 0), 90558: (1, 1), 90572: (0, 5), 90586: (0, 1), 90600: (1, 1), 90614: (2, 0), 90628: (1, 6), 90642: (1, 1), 90656: (0, 0), 90670: (0, 0), 90684: (1, 5), 90698: (1, 1), 90712: (1, 0), 90726: (0, 127), 90740: (0, 126), 90754: (1, 1), 90768: (2, 0), 90782: (2, 127), 90796: (2, 127), 90810: (2, 3), 90824: (2, 127), 90838: (2, 126), 90852: (2, 127), 90866: (2, 4), 90880: (2, 0), 90894: (1, 0), 90908: (0, 127), 90922: (1, 5), 90936: (1, 1), 90950: (1, 0), 90964: (1, 0), 90978: (1, 5), 90992: (1, 0), 91006: (1, 0), 91020: (1, 1), 91034: (2, 4), 91048: (1, 1), 91062: (1, 0), 91076: (1, 4), 91090: (2, 2), 91104: (1, 0), 91118: (1, 0), 91132: (1, 5), 91146: (1, 1), 91160: (0, 1), 91174: (0, 0), 91188: (0, 6), 91202: (1, 1), 91216: (1, 1), 91230: (0, 1), 91244: (0, 4), 91258: (0, 1), 91272: (1, 0), 91286: (1, 4), 91300: (1, 2), 91314: (255, 0), 91328: (255, 0), 91342: (0, 6), 91356: (1, 1), 91370: (0, 0), 91384: (0, 0), 91398: (0, 3), 91412: (0, 0), 91426: (0, 127), 91440: (0, 4), 91454: (0, 1), 91468: (0, 0), 91482: (0, 0), 91496: (0, 6), 91510: (255, 0), 91524: (0, 0), 91538: (0, 0), 91552: (1, 4), 91566: (0, 0), 91580: (0, 0), 91594: (255, 2), 91608: (1, 3), 91622: (1, 1), 91636: (0, 0), 91650: (255, 3), 91664: (0, 3), 91678: (0, 2), 91692: (0, 1), 91706: (0, 4), 91720: (1, 3), 91734: (1, 1), 91748: (0, 1), 91762: (0, 4), 91776: (0, 3), 91790: (1, 1), 91804: (1, 0), 91818: (1, 5), 91832: (0, 1), 91846: (0, 127), 91860: (0, 127), 91874: (1, 3), 91888: (1, 3), 91902: (0, 1), 91916: (0, 0), 91930: (0, 5), 91944: (1, 3), 91958: (1, 1), 91972: (0, 0), 91986: (0, 5), 92000: (0, 2), 92014: (0, 1), 92028: (1, 1), 92042: (1, 6), 92056: (1, 2), 92070: (1, 1), 92084: (1, 1), 92098: (0, 6), 92112: (0, 1), 92126: (0, 1), 92140: (0, 0), 92154: (0, 6), 92168: (0, 1), 92182: (0, 0), 92196: (255, 2), 92210: (0, 3), 92224: (0, 0), 92238: (0, 127), 92252: (0, 4), 92266: (0, 1), 92280: (0, 0), 92294: (0, 127), 92308: (0, 6), 92322: (2, 1), 92336: (2, 127), 92350: (2, 127), 92364: (2, 8), 92378: (1, 1), 92392: (1, 0), 92406: (2, 0), 92420: (1, 5), 92434: (0, 0), 92448: (0, 0), 92462: (0, 1), 92476: (1, 5), 92490: (1, 1), 92504: (0, 0), 92518: (0, 3), 92532: (0, 2), 92546: (1, 1), 92560: (1, 0), 92574: (0, 4), 92588: (1, 2), 92602: (0, 0), 92616: (0, 1), 92630: (0, 5), 92644: (0, 1), 92658: (0, 0), 92672: (0, 1), 92686: (0, 6), 92700: (0, 2), 92714: (0, 1), 92728: (0, 0), 92742: (0, 6), 92756: (0, 1), 92770: (0, 0), 92784: (0, 127), 92798: (0, 6), 92812: (1, 1), 92826: (1, 0), 92840: (0, 0), 92854: (0, 5), 92868: (0, 1), 92882: (1, 0), 92896: (0, 4), 92910: (0, 3), 92924: (0, 1), 92938: (0, 1), 92952: (1, 5), 92966: (1, 2), 92980: (0, 0), 92994: (0, 0), 93008: (1, 7), 93022: (1, 2), 93036: (1, 1), 93050: (0, 1), 93064: (0, 7), 93078: (0, 1), 93092: (1, 1), 93106: (0, 0), 93120: (255, 7), 93134: (1, 1), 93148: (1, 0), 93162: (0, 0), 93176: (0, 4), 93190: (0, 0), 93204: (0, 127), 93218: (0, 4), 93232: (0, 1), 93246: (255, 127), 93260: (255, 127), 93274: (0, 6), 93288: (0, 127), 93302: (0, 127), 93316: (0, 0), 93330: (0, 3), 93344: (0, 127), 93358: (255, 126), 93372: (0, 3), 93386: (0, 0), 93400: (0, 127), 93414: (255, 126), 93428: (255, 4), 93442: (255, 126), 93456: (255, 125), 93470: (255, 126), 93484: (0, 5), 93498: (0, 127), 93512: (255, 127), 93526: (0, 0), 93540: (1, 6), 93554: (0, 0), 93568: (0, 0), 93582: (0, 0), 93596: (1, 4), 93610: (2, 1), 93624: (1, 0), 93638: (0, 0), 93652: (1, 2), 93666: (2, 3), 93680: (0, 127), 93694: (0, 127), 93708: (255, 126), 93722: (255, 3), 93736: (254, 127), 93750: (0, 127), 93764: (0, 0), 93778: (0, 5), 93792: (255, 127), 93806: (0, 0), 93820: (9, 10), 93834: (0, 5), 93848: (0, 0), 93862: (254, 126), 93876: (254, 126), 93890: (255, 5), 93904: (255, 127), 93918: (255, 126), 93932: (254, 126), 93946: (255, 5), 93960: (254, 127), 93974: (255, 126), 93988: (253, 125), 94002: (255, 3), 94016: (0, 127), 94030: (254, 126), 94044: (254, 0), 94058: (252, 0), 94072: (253, 126), 94086: (254, 126), 94100: (254, 0), 94114: (249, 126), 94128: (254, 127), 94142: (254, 127), 94156: (254, 2), 94170: (252, 0), 94184: (0, 127), 94198: (253, 0), 94212: (253, 0), 94226: (255, 3), 94240: (9, 10), 94254: (254, 0), 94268: (255, 1), 94282: (255, 6), 94296: (1, 0), 8: (0, 1), 22: (1, 10), 36: (2, 1), 50: (7, 8), 64: (4, 5), 78: (4, 4), 92: (255, 7), 106: (9, 11), 120: (2, 2), 134: (7, 12), 148: (1, 8), 162: (4, 4), 176: (4, 3), 190: (2, 5), 204: (2, 2), 218: (0, 8), 232: (3, 2), 246: (0, 10), 260: (0, 1), 274: (2, 2), 288: (4, 5), 302: (0, 7), 316: (8, 11), 330: (3, 8), 344: (2, 6), 358: (3, 10), 372: (1, 3), 386: (3, 6), 400: (4, 7), 414: (3, 3), 428: (4, 8), 442: (4, 5), 456: (254, 13), 470: (3, 3), 484: (12, 5), 498: (3, 124), 512: (1, 5), 526: (1, 126), 540: (2, 5), 554: (1, 3), 568: (3, 4), 582: (4, 6), 596: (1, 1), 610: (2, 5), 624: (3, 10), 638: (254, 127), 652: (12, 6), 666: (0, 0), 680: (1, 0), 694: (4, 11), 708: (3, 6), 722: (254, 126), 736: (13, 7), 750: (5, 8), 764: (0, 127), 778: (1, 127), 792: (0, 125), 806: (255, 124), 820: (0, 124), 834: (0, 0), 848: (1, 127), 862: (1, 127), 876: (0, 124), 890: (7, 8), 904: (1, 1), 918: (255, 126), 932: (254, 124), 946: (0, 125), 960: (0, 126), 974: (255, 124), 988: (0, 0), 1002: (0, 126), 1016: (0, 125), 1030: (1, 125), 1044: (255, 124), 1058: (0, 1), 1072: (1, 125), 1086: (255, 124), 1100: (255, 124), 1114: (0, 124), 1128: (1, 1), 1142: (255, 125), 1156: (255, 124), 1170: (255, 124), 1184: (1, 126), 1198: (0, 2), 1212: (0, 127), 1226: (255, 125), 1240: (0, 126), 1254: (0, 126), 1268: (1, 2), 1282: (0, 127), 1296: (255, 125), 1310: (0, 126), 1324: (0, 1), 1338: (0, 0), 1352: (0, 126), 1366: (0, 126), 1380: (0, 125), 1394: (0, 3), 1408: (1, 126), 1422: (1, 125), 1436: (0, 125), 1450: (0, 1), 1464: (1, 126), 1478: (1, 125), 1492: (1, 125), 1506: (0, 125), 1520: (1, 127), 1534: (1, 124), 1548: (0, 123), 1562: (0, 124), 1576: (1, 3), 1590: (0, 126), 1604: (0, 125), 1618: (0, 124), 1632: (0, 125), 1646: (0, 1), 1660: (0, 125), 1674: (1, 125), 1688: (255, 125), 1702: (255, 3), 1716: (0, 126), 1730: (0, 125), 1744: (0, 125), 1758: (0, 2), 1772: (1, 127), 1786: (0, 126), 1800: (255, 126), 1814: (0, 126), 1828: (0, 2), 1842: (1, 127), 1856: (0, 127), 1870: (0, 126), 1884: (255, 4), 1898: (255, 126), 1912: (0, 126), 1926: (1, 126), 1940: (0, 3), 1954: (255, 127), 1968: (0, 127), 1982: (0, 127), 1996: (0, 1), 2010: (0, 0), 2024: (0, 127), 2038: (0, 127), 2052: (0, 126), 2066: (0, 3), 2080: (0, 127), 2094: (255, 126), 2108: (0, 126), 2122: (1, 5), 2136: (0, 0), 2150: (0, 126), 2164: (0, 126), 2178: (1, 2), 2192: (1, 0), 2206: (1, 127), 2220: (255, 125), 2234: (0, 125), 2248: (1, 1), 2262: (0, 125), 2276: (1, 126), 2290: (0, 126), 2304: (0, 3), 2318: (1, 127), 2332: (1, 127), 2346: (255, 126), 2360: (1, 1), 2374: (2, 0), 2388: (0, 127), 2402: (255, 126), 2416: (255, 125), 2430: (0, 3), 2444: (1, 0), 2458: (1, 127), 2472: (0, 125), 2486: (0, 125), 2500: (0, 2), 2514: (2, 126), 2528: (2, 125), 2542: (1, 124), 2556: (1, 2), 2570: (2, 125), 2584: (2, 126), 2598: (1, 124), 2612: (1, 2), 2626: (2, 127), 2640: (1, 126), 2654: (0, 126), 2668: (1, 127), 2682: (1, 0), 2696: (0, 126), 2710: (1, 126), 2724: (0, 126), 2738: (0, 2), 2752: (0, 126), 2766: (0, 125), 2780: (0, 126), 2794: (0, 2), 2808: (0, 127), 2822: (0, 126), 2836: (0, 126), 2850: (0, 2), 2864: (1, 127), 2878: (0, 125), 2892: (0, 126), 2906: (0, 126), 2920: (1, 2), 2934: (0, 127), 2948: (0, 125), 2962: (1, 125), 2976: (1, 0), 2990: (0, 0), 3004: (0, 127), 3018: (0, 126), 3032: (0, 127), 3046: (1, 1), 3060: (1, 127), 3074: (1, 124), 3088: (0, 123), 3102: (1, 1), 3116: (2, 126), 3130: (0, 124), 3144: (0, 124), 3158: (0, 1), 3172: (0, 126), 3186: (0, 126), 3200: (0, 125), 3214: (0, 2), 3228: (1, 127), 3242: (0, 125), 3256: (0, 125), 3270: (0, 1), 3284: (1, 0), 3298: (0, 125), 3312: (0, 126), 3326: (0, 127), 3340: (255, 1), 3354: (0, 126), 3368: (1, 126), 3382: (1, 127), 3396: (0, 2), 3410: (255, 126), 3424: (0, 125), 3438: (1, 125), 3452: (1, 2), 3466: (2, 126), 3480: (1, 126), 3494: (0, 125), 3508: (2, 5), 3522: (3, 127), 3536: (1, 126), 3550: (1, 126), 3564: (1, 3), 3578: (1, 127), 3592: (1, 126), 3606: (1, 125), 3620: (1, 2), 3634: (1, 0), 3648: (1, 127), 3662: (2, 126), 3676: (1, 124), 3690: (1, 3), 3704: (1, 127), 3718: (3, 126), 3732: (2, 125), 3746: (1, 3), 3760: (1, 126), 3774: (2, 125), 3788: (1, 124), 3802: (1, 0), 3816: (1, 126), 3830: (1, 125), 3844: (0, 125), 3858: (0, 126), 3872: (1, 0), 3886: (0, 125), 3900: (1, 126), 3914: (0, 125), 3928: (0, 2), 3942: (0, 126), 3956: (1, 126), 3970: (2, 126), 3984: (1, 3), 3998: (2, 0), 4012: (2, 127), 4026: (1, 126), 4040: (1, 2), 4054: (2, 0), 4068: (2, 126), 4082: (1, 126), 4096: (0, 127), 4110: (0, 1), 4124: (1, 127), 4138: (0, 126), 4152: (1, 126), 4166: (1, 4), 4180: (2, 126), 4194: (1, 126), 4208: (0, 126), 4222: (1, 3), 4236: (1, 127), 4250: (1, 125), 4264: (1, 125), 4278: (0, 126), 4292: (1, 1), 4306: (1, 126), 4320: (1, 126), 4334: (0, 125), 4348: (0, 4), 4362: (1, 127), 4376: (1, 126), 4390: (0, 125), 4404: (1, 0), 4418: (1, 127), 4432: (0, 125), 4446: (0, 125), 4460: (1, 125), 4474: (0, 1), 4488: (255, 125), 4502: (0, 125), 4516: (0, 125), 4530: (0, 4), 4544: (255, 126), 4558: (0, 125), 4572: (2, 126), 4586: (1, 3), 4600: (255, 126), 4614: (1, 125), 4628: (1, 126), 4642: (0, 125), 4656: (1, 125), 4670: (1, 125), 4684: (0, 125), 4698: (0, 2), 4712: (1, 126), 4726: (2, 126), 4740: (0, 125), 4754: (0, 125), 4768: (0, 125), 4782: (1, 1), 4796: (0, 126), 4810: (1, 126), 4824: (1, 125), 4838: (1, 125), 4852: (0, 2), 4866: (1, 126), 4880: (2, 126), 4894: (2, 124), 4908: (1, 124), 4922: (3, 0), 4936: (2, 126), 4950: (1, 125), 4964: (1, 125), 4978: (1, 124), 4992: (1, 2), 5006: (1, 126), 5020: (0, 125), 5034: (1, 125), 5048: (1, 125), 5062: (1, 0), 5076: (1, 125), 5090: (0, 125), 5104: (1, 126), 5118: (1, 2), 5132: (1, 127), 5146: (0, 125), 5160: (0, 125), 5174: (1, 126), 5188: (1, 1), 5202: (2, 127), 5216: (2, 125), 5230: (1, 124), 5244: (3, 125), 5258: (2, 127), 5272: (1, 125), 5286: (1, 125), 5300: (1, 126), 5314: (3, 1), 5328: (1, 126), 5342: (0, 125), 5356: (0, 124), 5370: (1, 3), 5384: (2, 126), 5398: (1, 124), 5412: (1, 125), 5426: (0, 124), 5440: (1, 0), 5454: (1, 125), 5468: (1, 124), 5482: (1, 123), 5496: (1, 127), 5510: (1, 125), 5524: (1, 125), 5538: (1, 126), 5552: (1, 126), 5566: (1, 5), 5580: (1, 127), 5594: (0, 126), 5608: (0, 125), 5622: (0, 1), 5636: (2, 127), 5650: (2, 125), 5664: (3, 125), 5678: (1, 123), 5692: (0, 2), 5706: (1, 125), 5720: (1, 125), 5734: (0, 125), 5748: (0, 127), 5762: (1, 0), 5776: (1, 126), 5790: (0, 125), 5804: (1, 125), 5818: (1, 3), 5832: (2, 126), 5846: (1, 125), 5860: (0, 125), 5874: (0, 1), 5888: (0, 127), 5902: (1, 126), 5916: (1, 126), 5930: (0, 125), 5944: (255, 3), 5958: (0, 127), 5972: (2, 127), 5986: (2, 127), 6000: (0, 0), 6014: (0, 1), 6028: (0, 127), 6042: (0, 126), 6056: (1, 126), 6070: (1, 4), 6084: (1, 0), 6098: (0, 126), 6112: (0, 126), 6126: (1, 1), 6140: (0, 1), 6154: (0, 0), 6168: (0, 127), 6182: (0, 127), 6196: (0, 3), 6210: (1, 127), 6224: (1, 127), 6238: (1, 127), 6252: (1, 2), 6266: (1, 125), 6280: (1, 124), 6294: (1, 125), 6308: (1, 126), 6322: (2, 3), 6336: (1, 126), 6350: (255, 126), 6364: (0, 126), 6378: (1, 5), 6392: (1, 0), 6406: (0, 126), 6420: (0, 127), 6434: (1, 2), 6448: (2, 1), 6462: (1, 126), 6476: (0, 125), 6490: (1, 125), 6504: (2, 1), 6518: (2, 126), 6532: (0, 125), 6546: (0, 125), 6560: (0, 3), 6574: (2, 0), 6588: (1, 127), 6602: (0, 127), 6616: (0, 1), 6630: (1, 1), 6644: (1, 127), 6658: (1, 126), 6672: (1, 126), 6686: (0, 1), 6700: (0, 126), 6714: (0, 125), 6728: (0, 125), 6742: (0, 3), 6756: (0, 126), 6770: (1, 127), 6784: (0, 125), 6798: (255, 125), 6812: (0, 1), 6826: (1, 126), 6840: (0, 126), 6854: (0, 125), 6868: (255, 125), 6882: (0, 2), 6896: (0, 126), 6910: (0, 125), 6924: (0, 126), 6938: (0, 126), 6952: (0, 2), 6966: (0, 126), 6980: (1, 127), 6994: (1, 127), 7008: (0, 1), 7022: (0, 0), 7036: (0, 126), 7050: (0, 126), 7064: (1, 126), 7078: (0, 5), 7092: (0, 127), 7106: (0, 127), 7120: (0, 126), 7134: (255, 2), 7148: (0, 0), 7162: (0, 127), 7176: (1, 127), 7190: (0, 127), 7204: (0, 3), 7218: (0, 127), 7232: (0, 127), 7246: (0, 127), 7260: (1, 3), 7274: (1, 0), 7288: (0, 127), 7302: (0, 127), 7316: (1, 127), 7330: (1, 5), 7344: (0, 127), 7358: (0, 126), 7372: (1, 127), 7386: (0, 5), 7400: (0, 127), 7414: (0, 126), 7428: (1, 127), 7442: (1, 1), 7456: (2, 0), 7470: (1, 126), 7484: (1, 126), 7498: (0, 126), 7512: (1, 4), 7526: (1, 0), 7540: (0, 126), 7554: (0, 126), 7568: (1, 5), 7582: (1, 0), 7596: (1, 127), 7610: (1, 125), 7624: (1, 2), 7638: (1, 126), 7652: (0, 125), 7666: (0, 125), 7680: (0, 2), 7694: (1, 127), 7708: (1, 126), 7722: (1, 126), 7736: (255, 2), 7750: (0, 126), 7764: (1, 126), 7778: (1, 126), 7792: (0, 1), 7806: (0, 127), 7820: (255, 125), 7834: (255, 125), 7848: (0, 0), 7862: (0, 127), 7876: (0, 125), 7890: (255, 125), 7904: (255, 125), 7918: (1, 2), 7932: (0, 126), 7946: (255, 126), 7960: (0, 127), 7974: (1, 5), 7988: (0, 0), 8002: (0, 127), 8016: (0, 127), 8030: (0, 0), 8044: (0, 2), 8058: (0, 127), 8072: (0, 127), 8086: (0, 127), 8100: (0, 4), 8114: (2, 127), 8128: (1, 126), 8142: (0, 125), 8156: (1, 1), 8170: (1, 126), 8184: (1, 125), 8198: (0, 125), 8212: (0, 126), 8226: (1, 0), 8240: (0, 126), 8254: (1, 125), 8268: (1, 125), 8282: (0, 3), 8296: (0, 126), 8310: (1, 126), 8324: (1, 126), 8338: (0, 3), 8352: (0, 127), 8366: (1, 126), 8380: (0, 126), 8394: (1, 1), 8408: (2, 1), 8422: (2, 127), 8436: (2, 126), 8450: (2, 126), 8464: (2, 4), 8478: (1, 127), 8492: (0, 127), 8506: (1, 126), 8520: (1, 5), 8534: (0, 0), 8548: (0, 127), 8562: (1, 126), 8576: (1, 3), 8590: (1, 127), 8604: (1, 126), 8618: (1, 125), 8632: (0, 2), 8646: (1, 127), 8660: (1, 125), 8674: (1, 124), 8688: (0, 127), 8702: (1, 127), 8716: (0, 125), 8730: (255, 125), 8744: (255, 0), 8758: (0, 127), 8772: (2, 127), 8786: (3, 125), 8800: (1, 1), 8814: (2, 125), 8828: (2, 125), 8842: (2, 125), 8856: (1, 2), 8870: (1, 126), 8884: (0, 125), 8898: (0, 125), 8912: (1, 3), 8926: (3, 0), 8940: (2, 126), 8954: (2, 125), 8968: (2, 4), 8982: (2, 127), 8996: (1, 126), 9010: (1, 126), 9024: (2, 2), 9038: (1, 126), 9052: (1, 125), 9066: (0, 1), 9080: (0, 127), 9094: (1, 126), 9108: (1, 126), 9122: (1, 5), 9136: (0, 126), 9150: (0, 125), 9164: (1, 127), 9178: (2, 1), 9192: (1, 126), 9206: (0, 126), 9220: (0, 4), 9234: (0, 0), 9248: (0, 127), 9262: (1, 126), 9276: (1, 4), 9290: (1, 0), 9304: (0, 127), 9318: (0, 0), 9332: (0, 2), 9346: (0, 127), 9360: (1, 127), 9374: (1, 5), 9388: (0, 1), 9402: (0, 126), 9416: (0, 126), 9430: (1, 5), 9444: (1, 0), 9458: (1, 127), 9472: (0, 3), 9486: (0, 1), 9500: (0, 127), 9514: (1, 0), 9528: (1, 6), 9542: (1, 0), 9556: (0, 127), 9570: (1, 127), 9584: (1, 3), 9598: (1, 126), 9612: (1, 126), 9626: (1, 3), 9640: (0, 1), 9654: (0, 127), 9668: (1, 126), 9682: (0, 5), 9696: (1, 127), 9710: (1, 126), 9724: (0, 126), 9738: (0, 3), 9752: (0, 126), 9766: (0, 126), 9780: (1, 3), 9794: (0, 0), 9808: (255, 126), 9822: (255, 126), 9836: (0, 5), 9850: (0, 127), 9864: (0, 126), 9878: (1, 127), 9892: (0, 4), 9906: (0, 127), 9920: (1, 127), 9934: (1, 2), 9948: (0, 1), 9962: (0, 127), 9976: (0, 127), 9990: (0, 3), 10004: (0, 0), 10018: (0, 127), 10032: (1, 127), 10046: (0, 1), 10060: (1, 2), 10074: (0, 0), 10088: (0, 127), 10102: (0, 2), 10116: (1, 1), 10130: (1, 0), 10144: (0, 126), 10158: (0, 2), 10172: (1, 0), 10186: (1, 127), 10200: (0, 126), 10214: (0, 4), 10228: (0, 1), 10242: (0, 127), 10256: (0, 127), 10270: (0, 4), 10284: (0, 0), 10298: (0, 127), 10312: (0, 127), 10326: (0, 4), 10340: (0, 0), 10354: (0, 127), 10368: (1, 127), 10382: (1, 4), 10396: (0, 0), 10410: (255, 126), 10424: (1, 0), 10438: (2, 5), 10452: (2, 127), 10466: (2, 0), 10480: (1, 126), 10494: (1, 6), 10508: (1, 0), 10522: (1, 127), 10536: (0, 127), 10550: (0, 6), 10564: (1, 0), 10578: (1, 0), 10592: (0, 126), 10606: (0, 5), 10620: (1, 126), 10634: (2, 126), 10648: (1, 126), 10662: (1, 3), 10676: (1, 125), 10690: (0, 124), 10704: (1, 125), 10718: (1, 3), 10732: (0, 126), 10746: (255, 125), 10760: (0, 125), 10774: (2, 5), 10788: (2, 125), 10802: (1, 124), 10816: (2, 124), 10830: (2, 5), 10844: (1, 127), 10858: (1, 127), 10872: (1, 126), 10886: (0, 3), 10900: (0, 0), 10914: (1, 127), 10928: (0, 127), 10942: (0, 4), 10956: (0, 127), 10970: (1, 127), 10984: (1, 0), 10998: (0, 4), 11012: (0, 0), 11026: (0, 127), 11040: (0, 127), 11054: (1, 5), 11068: (1, 0), 11082: (0, 126), 11096: (0, 127), 11110: (1, 6), 11124: (1, 127), 11138: (0, 127), 11152: (0, 127), 11166: (0, 6), 11180: (0, 0), 11194: (0, 127), 11208: (0, 127), 11222: (1, 7), 11236: (2, 0), 11250: (1, 127), 11264: (1, 126), 11278: (2, 5), 11292: (2, 0), 11306: (3, 127), 11320: (3, 127), 11334: (2, 3), 11348: (1, 127), 11362: (1, 127), 11376: (1, 0), 11390: (1, 3), 11404: (0, 127), 11418: (1, 126), 11432: (1, 0), 11446: (0, 1), 11460: (0, 126), 11474: (1, 125), 11488: (0, 127), 11502: (1, 0), 11516: (1, 125), 11530: (0, 125), 11544: (255, 127), 11558: (0, 1), 11572: (2, 127), 11586: (1, 125), 11600: (0, 126), 11614: (1, 2), 11628: (1, 126), 11642: (0, 125), 11656: (0, 125), 11670: (1, 4), 11684: (1, 127), 11698: (0, 125), 11712: (1, 125), 11726: (0, 1), 11740: (255, 127), 11754: (255, 125), 11768: (0, 125), 11782: (0, 126), 11796: (255, 125), 11810: (0, 4), 11824: (1, 0), 11838: (0, 127), 11852: (0, 126), 11866: (0, 126), 11880: (1, 4), 11894: (0, 0), 11908: (1, 127), 11922: (1, 127), 11936: (0, 3), 11950: (0, 127), 11964: (0, 126), 11978: (1, 126), 11992: (0, 125), 12006: (255, 4), 12020: (0, 127), 12034: (0, 126), 12048: (0, 127), 12062: (0, 0), 12076: (0, 1), 12090: (0, 126), 12104: (0, 127), 12118: (0, 127), 12132: (0, 3), 12146: (0, 0), 12160: (0, 126), 12174: (1, 126), 12188: (0, 126), 12202: (1, 3), 12216: (1, 127), 12230: (1, 127), 12244: (1, 127), 12258: (0, 5), 12272: (0, 127), 12286: (0, 127), 12300: (0, 127), 12314: (1, 2), 12328: (1, 1), 12342: (0, 127), 12356: (0, 127), 12370: (0, 0), 12384: (1, 2), 12398: (0, 0), 12412: (0, 126), 12426: (0, 127), 12440: (1, 4), 12454: (1, 0), 12468: (0, 127), 12482: (0, 127), 12496: (0, 6), 12510: (0, 0), 12524: (0, 127), 12538: (0, 127), 12552: (1, 5), 12566: (1, 0), 12580: (1, 127), 12594: (0, 127), 12608: (0, 126), 12622: (1, 3), 12636: (1, 0), 12650: (0, 127), 12664: (0, 126), 12678: (0, 5), 12692: (0, 0), 12706: (0, 127), 12720: (0, 127), 12734: (0, 2), 12748: (0, 1), 12762: (0, 127), 12776: (0, 127), 12790: (0, 127), 12804: (0, 2), 12818: (1, 0), 12832: (1, 127), 12846: (0, 127), 12860: (0, 4), 12874: (0, 0), 12888: (0, 127), 12902: (1, 0), 12916: (1, 2), 12930: (1, 1), 12944: (255, 127), 12958: (0, 126), 12972: (1, 127), 12986: (1, 2), 13000: (0, 126), 13014: (0, 126), 13028: (1, 126), 13042: (0, 4), 13056: (0, 126), 13070: (1, 127), 13084: (1, 127), 13098: (0, 6), 13112: (0, 0), 13126: (0, 127), 13140: (0, 127), 13154: (1, 5), 13168: (1, 127), 13182: (1, 0), 13196: (255, 126), 13210: (0, 3), 13224: (1, 0), 13238: (1, 127), 13252: (0, 126), 13266: (0, 1), 13280: (0, 1), 13294: (0, 127), 13308: (0, 126), 13322: (1, 126), 13336: (0, 3), 13350: (0, 127), 13364: (0, 126), 13378: (0, 127), 13392: (0, 5), 13406: (0, 0), 13420: (0, 127), 13434: (255, 127), 13448: (255, 1), 13462: (0, 1), 13476: (0, 127), 13490: (0, 126), 13504: (0, 126), 13518: (0, 3), 13532: (0, 127), 13546: (0, 125), 13560: (0, 126), 13574: (1, 4), 13588: (0, 127), 13602: (255, 126), 13616: (255, 126), 13630: (0, 3), 13644: (0, 0), 13658: (0, 127), 13672: (0, 127), 13686: (0, 127), 13700: (0, 2), 13714: (0, 0), 13728: (0, 126), 13742: (0, 127), 13756: (0, 5), 13770: (1, 1), 13784: (0, 127), 13798: (255, 127), 13812: (0, 3), 13826: (1, 2), 13840: (1, 0), 13854: (0, 0), 13868: (0, 0), 13882: (255, 5), 13896: (0, 1), 13910: (1, 127), 13924: (0, 127), 13938: (0, 1), 13952: (255, 1), 13966: (0, 127), 13980: (0, 127), 13994: (0, 127), 14008: (0, 4), 14022: (1, 0), 14036: (0, 127), 14050: (0, 127), 14064: (0, 126), 14078: (0, 3), 14092: (0, 0), 14106: (0, 127), 14120: (0, 127), 14134: (255, 2), 14148: (255, 0), 14162: (0, 127), 14176: (1, 127), 14190: (0, 127), 14204: (0, 5), 14218: (1, 0), 14232: (2, 127), 14246: (3, 0), 14260: (1, 5), 14274: (1, 1), 14288: (1, 127), 14302: (1, 127), 14316: (1, 1), 14330: (1, 1), 14344: (0, 127), 14358: (1, 127), 14372: (0, 126), 14386: (0, 4), 14400: (255, 127), 14414: (0, 126), 14428: (1, 127), 14442: (0, 4), 14456: (0, 0), 14470: (0, 127), 14484: (0, 127), 14498: (0, 3), 14512: (1, 1), 14526: (1, 127), 14540: (0, 127), 14554: (255, 126), 14568: (1, 4), 14582: (2, 127), 14596: (0, 126), 14610: (0, 125), 14624: (1, 4), 14638: (1, 127), 14652: (1, 126), 14666: (0, 126), 14680: (0, 4), 14694: (1, 127), 14708: (0, 126), 14722: (0, 125), 14736: (0, 125), 14750: (0, 4), 14764: (0, 126), 14778: (1, 127), 14792: (0, 127), 14806: (0, 126), 14820: (1, 3), 14834: (1, 0), 14848: (0, 127), 14862: (0, 127), 14876: (0, 4), 14890: (0, 0), 14904: (0, 127), 14918: (0, 127), 14932: (1, 126), 14946: (0, 4), 14960: (0, 0), 14974: (0, 127), 14988: (0, 126), 15002: (255, 4), 15016: (0, 127), 15030: (2, 1), 15044: (1, 0), 15058: (0, 127), 15072: (0, 127), 15086: (255, 1), 15100: (0, 1), 15114: (1, 0), 15128: (0, 127), 15142: (0, 127), 15156: (0, 2), 15170: (1, 1), 15184: (1, 127), 15198: (255, 127), 15212: (0, 127), 15226: (1, 5), 15240: (0, 0), 15254: (0, 127), 15268: (0, 127), 15282: (1, 2), 15296: (1, 0), 15310: (0, 127), 15324: (1, 126), 15338: (0, 126), 15352: (0, 1), 15366: (1, 1), 15380: (1, 127), 15394: (0, 126), 15408: (0, 127), 15422: (1, 1), 15436: (1, 127), 15450: (0, 126), 15464: (255, 125), 15478: (0, 3), 15492: (1, 0), 15506: (1, 0), 15520: (1, 127), 15534: (0, 3), 15548: (0, 1), 15562: (0, 0), 15576: (1, 127), 15590: (1, 127), 15604: (1, 2), 15618: (0, 127), 15632: (1, 127), 15646: (1, 126), 15660: (0, 3), 15674: (1, 127), 15688: (1, 127), 15702: (1, 126), 15716: (1, 2), 15730: (0, 0), 15744: (0, 127), 15758: (1, 127), 15772: (1, 127), 15786: (1, 4), 15800: (0, 127), 15814: (0, 0), 15828: (0, 126), 15842: (1, 0), 15856: (1, 3), 15870: (1, 0), 15884: (1, 0), 15898: (2, 127), 15912: (2, 5), 15926: (2, 0), 15940: (2, 126), 15954: (2, 126), 15968: (2, 126), 15982: (2, 1), 15996: (0, 126), 16010: (0, 126), 16024: (1, 126), 16038: (1, 5), 16052: (0, 0), 16066: (0, 127), 16080: (1, 127), 16094: (0, 4), 16108: (1, 0), 16122: (1, 127), 16136: (0, 126), 16150: (0, 0), 16164: (0, 1), 16178: (1, 127), 16192: (1, 127), 16206: (0, 126), 16220: (0, 4), 16234: (0, 0), 16248: (0, 127), 16262: (0, 126), 16276: (0, 2), 16290: (1, 1), 16304: (0, 127), 16318: (1, 127), 16332: (1, 127), 16346: (2, 4), 16360: (2, 0), 16374: (2, 127), 16388: (1, 127), 16402: (0, 3), 16416: (1, 0), 16430: (2, 127), 16444: (2, 127), 16458: (1, 127), 16472: (1, 4), 16486: (1, 126), 16500: (1, 126), 16514: (1, 126), 16528: (1, 3), 16542: (1, 1), 16556: (1, 0), 16570: (0, 127), 16584: (1, 0), 16598: (1, 6), 16612: (2, 0), 16626: (3, 1), 16640: (2, 0), 16654: (1, 127), 16668: (2, 4), 16682: (2, 126), 16696: (2, 127), 16710: (1, 127), 16724: (1, 5), 16738: (1, 1), 16752: (0, 127), 16766: (1, 127), 16780: (2, 2), 16794: (1, 2), 16808: (0, 127), 16822: (0, 126), 16836: (2, 127), 16850: (1, 4), 16864: (0, 127), 16878: (1, 127), 16892: (1, 126), 16906: (0, 5), 16920: (0, 127), 16934: (1, 127), 16948: (1, 127), 16962: (0, 3), 16976: (1, 0), 16990: (0, 127), 17004: (0, 126), 17018: (1, 0), 17032: (2, 3), 17046: (1, 127), 17060: (0, 127), 17074: (255, 126), 17088: (0, 126), 17102: (0, 4), 17116: (0, 0), 17130: (1, 127), 17144: (0, 127), 17158: (0, 0), 17172: (1, 4), 17186: (1, 1), 17200: (1, 0), 17214: (1, 0), 17228: (0, 4), 17242: (2, 1), 17256: (2, 0), 17270: (2, 0), 17284: (2, 0), 17298: (3, 6), 17312: (2, 0), 17326: (2, 127), 17340: (2, 127), 17354: (1, 4), 17368: (1, 127), 17382: (2, 127), 17396: (1, 126), 17410: (0, 126), 17424: (1, 3), 17438: (1, 127), 17452: (1, 127), 17466: (1, 126), 17480: (1, 4), 17494: (1, 127), 17508: (1, 126), 17522: (1, 126), 17536: (1, 1), 17550: (1, 127), 17564: (1, 126), 17578: (1, 125), 17592: (1, 125), 17606: (0, 5), 17620: (1, 0), 17634: (2, 0), 17648: (1, 127), 17662: (0, 5), 17676: (0, 0), 17690: (1, 1), 17704: (2, 1), 17718: (1, 4), 17732: (1, 2), 17746: (0, 0), 17760: (0, 0), 17774: (1, 0), 17788: (1, 5), 17802: (1, 1), 17816: (0, 0), 17830: (1, 0), 17844: (1, 6), 17858: (0, 1), 17872: (0, 0), 17886: (1, 0), 17900: (1, 4), 17914: (0, 1), 17928: (0, 0), 17942: (0, 127), 17956: (0, 127), 17970: (0, 3), 17984: (1, 1), 17998: (1, 0), 18012: (0, 0), 18026: (1, 6), 18040: (2, 2), 18054: (2, 1), 18068: (2, 127), 18082: (2, 127), 18096: (2, 3), 18110: (2, 0), 18124: (2, 0), 18138: (1, 127), 18152: (1, 6), 18166: (1, 1), 18180: (1, 0), 18194: (1, 0), 18208: (0, 5), 18222: (1, 1), 18236: (2, 1), 18250: (1, 0), 18264: (0, 1), 18278: (0, 2), 18292: (1, 0), 18306: (2, 0), 18320: (1, 0), 18334: (1, 5), 18348: (1, 0), 18362: (1, 127), 18376: (1, 127), 18390: (1, 4), 18404: (1, 1), 18418: (0, 127), 18432: (0, 127), 18446: (0, 0), 18460: (0, 2), 18474: (0, 127), 18488: (1, 127), 18502: (1, 127), 18516: (0, 4), 18530: (0, 127), 18544: (1, 127), 18558: (1, 126), 18572: (1, 4), 18586: (2, 0), 18600: (1, 127), 18614: (0, 127), 18628: (1, 3), 18642: (2, 2), 18656: (1, 1), 18670: (1, 127), 18684: (1, 0), 18698: (1, 2), 18712: (1, 127), 18726: (1, 126), 18740: (1, 125), 18754: (1, 4), 18768: (1, 125), 18782: (1, 125), 18796: (1, 127), 18810: (0, 1), 18824: (1, 1), 18838: (1, 127), 18852: (1, 127), 18866: (255, 126), 18880: (0, 4), 18894: (1, 0), 18908: (0, 127), 18922: (0, 126), 18936: (0, 127), 18950: (0, 4), 18964: (0, 127), 18978: (0, 127), 18992: (0, 127), 19006: (0, 126), 19020: (0, 5), 19034: (1, 0), 19048: (2, 0), 19062: (0, 127), 19076: (0, 127), 19090: (2, 5), 19104: (3, 2), 19118: (1, 0), 19132: (1, 127), 19146: (1, 0), 19160: (0, 6), 19174: (0, 1), 19188: (1, 1), 19202: (1, 1), 19216: (0, 1), 19230: (1, 3), 19244: (2, 1), 19258: (1, 1), 19272: (255, 0), 19286: (0, 5), 19300: (2, 2), 19314: (1, 1), 19328: (0, 127), 19342: (0, 0), 19356: (0, 6), 19370: (1, 2), 19384: (1, 0), 19398: (1, 0), 19412: (1, 1), 19426: (1, 4), 19440: (2, 1), 19454: (1, 0), 19468: (2, 0), 19482: (2, 6), 19496: (2, 1), 19510: (2, 1), 19524: (1, 127), 19538: (2, 1), 19552: (2, 1), 19566: (2, 0), 19580: (1, 0), 19594: (1, 0), 19608: (0, 3), 19622: (1, 0), 19636: (1, 0), 19650: (1, 127), 19664: (1, 6), 19678: (0, 127), 19692: (1, 126), 19706: (1, 126), 19720: (0, 3), 19734: (0, 1), 19748: (1, 0), 19762: (0, 127), 19776: (0, 0), 19790: (0, 3), 19804: (0, 127), 19818: (1, 127), 19832: (1, 0), 19846: (1, 5), 19860: (0, 0), 19874: (255, 127), 19888: (0, 127), 19902: (1, 5), 19916: (1, 0), 19930: (0, 127), 19944: (0, 127), 19958: (0, 5), 19972: (1, 1), 19986: (1, 0), 20000: (1, 0), 20014: (0, 1), 20028: (0, 2), 20042: (0, 0), 20056: (1, 0), 20070: (0, 127), 20084: (0, 5), 20098: (1, 0), 20112: (0, 127), 20126: (0, 127), 20140: (0, 1), 20154: (0, 1), 20168: (0, 127), 20182: (0, 127), 20196: (0, 1), 20210: (0, 1), 20224: (255, 127), 20238: (0, 0), 20252: (1, 2), 20266: (0, 1), 20280: (0, 127), 20294: (1, 127), 20308: (1, 1), 20322: (1, 3), 20336: (0, 127), 20350: (0, 0), 20364: (0, 0), 20378: (0, 5), 20392: (0, 0), 20406: (0, 1), 20420: (0, 0), 20434: (0, 6), 20448: (0, 0), 20462: (0, 0), 20476: (1, 1), 20490: (2, 5), 20504: (2, 3), 20518: (0, 0), 20532: (0, 0), 20546: (0, 2), 20560: (1, 3), 20574: (0, 1), 20588: (0, 1), 20602: (0, 0), 20616: (0, 5), 20630: (0, 1), 20644: (0, 1), 20658: (0, 1), 20672: (0, 6), 20686: (0, 1), 20700: (0, 0), 20714: (0, 127), 20728: (0, 4), 20742: (1, 2), 20756: (1, 1), 20770: (0, 1), 20784: (0, 1), 20798: (0, 3), 20812: (0, 1), 20826: (0, 1), 20840: (0, 1), 20854: (0, 6), 20868: (255, 1), 20882: (255, 1), 20896: (0, 0), 20910: (1, 7), 20924: (0, 1), 20938: (255, 0), 20952: (255, 127), 20966: (0, 4), 20980: (0, 1), 20994: (0, 0), 21008: (255, 127), 21022: (0, 3), 21036: (0, 1), 21050: (0, 0), 21064: (0, 127), 21078: (255, 127), 21092: (0, 4), 21106: (0, 0), 21120: (0, 0), 21134: (254, 127), 21148: (255, 5), 21162: (0, 1), 21176: (0, 0), 21190: (255, 0), 21204: (255, 2), 21218: (255, 1), 21232: (0, 2), 21246: (0, 1), 21260: (0, 0), 21274: (0, 6), 21288: (1, 1), 21302: (1, 1), 21316: (2, 1), 21330: (1, 4), 21344: (2, 4), 21358: (2, 2), 21372: (1, 1), 21386: (0, 1), 21400: (0, 6), 21414: (1, 1), 21428: (1, 0), 21442: (1, 0), 21456: (0, 5), 21470: (0, 0), 21484: (1, 127), 21498: (1, 0), 21512: (1, 3), 21526: (0, 2), 21540: (0, 0), 21554: (1, 0), 21568: (0, 0), 21582: (0, 5), 21596: (0, 0), 21610: (0, 0), 21624: (0, 127), 21638: (1, 7), 21652: (1, 0), 21666: (1, 0), 21680: (1, 126), 21694: (2, 4), 21708: (2, 1), 21722: (1, 2), 21736: (0, 0), 21750: (1, 5), 21764: (2, 2), 21778: (2, 1), 21792: (1, 0), 21806: (0, 3), 21820: (2, 4), 21834: (2, 0), 21848: (2, 0), 21862: (2, 0), 21876: (2, 4), 21890: (1, 1), 21904: (1, 0), 21918: (1, 0), 21932: (1, 4), 21946: (1, 0), 21960: (1, 127), 21974: (2, 0), 21988: (1, 3), 22002: (2, 127), 22016: (1, 127), 22030: (1, 0), 22044: (2, 5), 22058: (2, 1), 22072: (1, 0), 22086: (1, 0), 22100: (2, 5), 22114: (2, 1), 22128: (0, 0), 22142: (0, 2), 22156: (1, 2), 22170: (1, 127), 22184: (0, 126), 22198: (0, 2), 22212: (1, 127), 22226: (0, 126), 22240: (0, 126), 22254: (0, 3), 22268: (1, 0), 22282: (1, 126), 22296: (1, 0), 22310: (1, 5), 22324: (0, 0), 22338: (255, 127), 22352: (0, 127), 22366: (0, 4), 22380: (0, 0), 22394: (0, 127), 22408: (1, 0), 22422: (1, 4), 22436: (0, 0), 22450: (0, 127), 22464: (1, 127), 22478: (1, 5), 22492: (1, 1), 22506: (1, 0), 22520: (0, 127), 22534: (0, 4), 22548: (1, 1), 22562: (2, 0), 22576: (2, 127), 22590: (0, 2), 22604: (1, 126), 22618: (2, 126), 22632: (2, 127), 22646: (0, 3), 22660: (1, 1), 22674: (1, 0), 22688: (1, 0), 22702: (1, 3), 22716: (1, 2), 22730: (1, 0), 22744: (1, 0), 22758: (1, 4), 22772: (2, 1), 22786: (1, 127), 22800: (0, 126), 22814: (1, 3), 22828: (1, 126), 22842: (1, 125), 22856: (0, 126), 22870: (0, 0), 22884: (0, 1), 22898: (0, 127), 22912: (0, 127), 22926: (0, 0), 22940: (1, 2), 22954: (1, 0), 22968: (1, 127), 22982: (0, 127), 22996: (0, 5), 23010: (1, 2), 23024: (1, 1), 23038: (1, 1), 23052: (0, 7), 23066: (0, 1), 23080: (0, 0), 23094: (1, 0), 23108: (1, 6), 23122: (1, 1), 23136: (1, 1), 23150: (1, 0), 23164: (1, 3), 23178: (1, 1), 23192: (0, 127), 23206: (1, 127), 23220: (1, 127), 23234: (0, 5), 23248: (0, 1), 23262: (0, 0), 23276: (1, 0), 23290: (0, 5), 23304: (0, 1), 23318: (1, 0), 23332: (255, 0), 23346: (0, 3), 23360: (1, 1), 23374: (1, 0), 23388: (0, 0), 23402: (0, 1), 23416: (1, 1), 23430: (2, 127), 23444: (1, 126), 23458: (1, 127), 23472: (1, 2), 23486: (1, 127), 23500: (0, 127), 23514: (0, 127), 23528: (1, 3), 23542: (1, 127), 23556: (0, 127), 23570: (0, 127), 23584: (0, 5), 23598: (0, 127), 23612: (1, 127), 23626: (1, 126), 23640: (1, 5), 23654: (0, 0), 23668: (0, 127), 23682: (1, 127), 23696: (1, 4), 23710: (1, 1), 23724: (0, 0), 23738: (0, 0), 23752: (0, 3), 23766: (1, 2), 23780: (1, 0), 23794: (0, 127), 23808: (255, 0), 23822: (1, 3), 23836: (1, 0), 23850: (2, 1), 23864: (2, 0), 23878: (2, 5), 23892: (2, 0), 23906: (1, 0), 23920: (1, 127), 23934: (2, 6), 23948: (2, 0), 23962: (2, 0), 23976: (1, 127), 23990: (0, 6), 24004: (255, 1), 24018: (0, 1), 24032: (1, 0), 24046: (1, 7), 24060: (0, 1), 24074: (0, 0), 24088: (1, 1), 24102: (0, 6), 24116: (0, 1), 24130: (1, 0), 24144: (0, 127), 24158: (0, 4), 24172: (0, 0), 24186: (1, 0), 24200: (1, 0), 24214: (1, 3), 24228: (2, 1), 24242: (1, 126), 24256: (0, 125), 24270: (1, 126), 24284: (2, 4), 24298: (2, 1), 24312: (1, 126), 24326: (2, 127), 24340: (2, 5), 24354: (2, 0), 24368: (2, 0), 24382: (2, 127), 24396: (1, 5), 24410: (0, 127), 24424: (0, 127), 24438: (1, 0), 24452: (1, 5), 24466: (0, 1), 24480: (0, 0), 24494: (0, 0), 24508: (0, 4), 24522: (0, 1), 24536: (0, 126), 24550: (1, 126), 24564: (1, 2), 24578: (0, 0), 24592: (0, 127), 24606: (0, 126), 24620: (1, 0), 24634: (1, 3), 24648: (0, 1), 24662: (255, 127), 24676: (255, 127), 24690: (0, 5), 24704: (0, 0), 24718: (0, 0), 24732: (0, 0), 24746: (0, 6), 24760: (255, 0), 24774: (1, 0), 24788: (0, 127), 24802: (0, 6), 24816: (0, 0), 24830: (0, 0), 24844: (0, 127), 24858: (255, 4), 24872: (0, 1), 24886: (1, 0), 24900: (1, 127), 24914: (0, 1), 24928: (255, 1), 24942: (255, 127), 24956: (0, 127), 24970: (0, 127), 24984: (1, 4), 24998: (0, 0), 25012: (255, 127), 25026: (0, 0), 25040: (0, 6), 25054: (0, 1), 25068: (0, 0), 25082: (0, 0), 25096: (0, 5), 25110: (0, 2), 25124: (0, 0), 25138: (0, 1), 25152: (1, 5), 25166: (1, 2), 25180: (0, 0), 25194: (255, 0), 25208: (255, 2), 25222: (0, 3), 25236: (1, 1), 25250: (0, 1), 25264: (255, 127), 25278: (255, 4), 25292: (0, 0), 25306: (0, 127), 25320: (0, 126), 25334: (0, 5), 25348: (1, 0), 25362: (0, 0), 25376: (0, 0), 25390: (0, 2), 25404: (0, 3), 25418: (0, 1), 25432: (0, 1), 25446: (0, 1), 25460: (255, 6), 25474: (255, 1), 25488: (0, 1), 25502: (0, 1), 25516: (255, 5), 25530: (255, 1), 25544: (0, 0), 25558: (0, 0), 25572: (255, 0), 25586: (0, 3), 25600: (0, 127), 25614: (255, 127), 25628: (0, 127), 25642: (0, 5), 25656: (255, 0), 25670: (255, 0), 25684: (0, 0), 25698: (1, 4), 25712: (0, 1), 25726: (255, 126), 25740: (0, 126), 25754: (1, 127), 25768: (1, 3), 25782: (0, 127), 25796: (0, 126), 25810: (0, 126), 25824: (0, 4), 25838: (1, 0), 25852: (0, 127), 25866: (255, 127), 25880: (0, 1), 25894: (1, 1), 25908: (0, 127), 25922: (255, 126), 25936: (0, 126), 25950: (1, 5), 25964: (1, 127), 25978: (0, 126), 25992: (0, 126), 26006: (0, 3), 26020: (0, 0), 26034: (0, 126), 26048: (0, 127), 26062: (0, 2), 26076: (255, 1), 26090: (255, 127), 26104: (1, 0), 26118: (0, 0), 26132: (0, 4), 26146: (1, 0), 26160: (1, 0), 26174: (0, 1), 26188: (255, 6), 26202: (0, 1), 26216: (0, 1), 26230: (0, 0), 26244: (0, 2), 26258: (1, 3), 26272: (255, 0), 26286: (0, 0), 26300: (1, 0), 26314: (1, 6), 26328: (0, 1), 26342: (0, 1), 26356: (255, 0), 26370: (1, 5), 26384: (1, 0), 26398: (0, 126), 26412: (0, 126), 26426: (255, 3), 26440: (0, 127), 26454: (0, 126), 26468: (255, 126), 26482: (0, 1), 26496: (1, 2), 26510: (0, 127), 26524: (255, 127), 26538: (255, 126), 26552: (0, 5), 26566: (0, 0), 26580: (0, 0), 26594: (255, 127), 26608: (255, 3), 26622: (0, 1), 26636: (0, 0), 26650: (0, 127), 26664: (255, 127), 26678: (255, 127), 26692: (1, 4), 26706: (1, 1), 26720: (2, 2), 26734: (1, 0), 26748: (2, 0), 26762: (2, 7), 26776: (1, 2), 26790: (0, 0), 26804: (0, 0), 26818: (1, 126), 26832: (1, 5), 26846: (0, 127), 26860: (255, 126), 26874: (255, 126), 26888: (1, 127), 26902: (1, 2), 26916: (0, 127), 26930: (255, 126), 26944: (255, 127), 26958: (1, 5), 26972: (1, 1), 26986: (0, 0), 27000: (0, 127), 27014: (0, 3), 27028: (0, 2), 27042: (255, 127), 27056: (0, 0), 27070: (0, 0), 27084: (0, 4), 27098: (0, 0), 27112: (0, 0), 27126: (255, 127), 27140: (255, 6), 27154: (0, 0), 27168: (0, 0), 27182: (255, 127), 27196: (255, 5), 27210: (0, 0), 27224: (255, 127), 27238: (255, 127), 27252: (255, 5), 27266: (0, 1), 27280: (255, 0), 27294: (255, 127), 27308: (0, 4), 27322: (0, 1), 27336: (255, 127), 27350: (255, 127), 27364: (255, 0), 27378: (0, 4), 27392: (255, 1), 27406: (0, 1), 27420: (0, 1), 27434: (255, 7), 27448: (255, 2), 27462: (0, 1), 27476: (0, 0), 27490: (0, 1), 27504: (0, 6), 27518: (1, 2), 27532: (255, 1), 27546: (255, 1), 27560: (1, 1), 27574: (1, 6), 27588: (0, 1), 27602: (255, 1), 27616: (0, 0), 27630: (1, 1), 27644: (1, 1), 27658: (0, 127), 27672: (0, 127), 27686: (0, 1), 27700: (0, 7), 27714: (2, 1), 27728: (2, 1), 27742: (2, 2), 27756: (1, 7), 27770: (2, 4), 27784: (1, 2), 27798: (0, 1), 27812: (0, 5), 27826: (1, 3), 27840: (1, 2), 27854: (0, 1), 27868: (0, 3), 27882: (0, 3), 27896: (0, 1), 27910: (1, 1), 27924: (1, 1), 27938: (0, 5), 27952: (255, 1), 27966: (0, 0), 27980: (1, 1), 27994: (0, 6), 28008: (0, 1), 28022: (0, 0), 28036: (0, 127), 28050: (0, 4), 28064: (0, 1), 28078: (1, 1), 28092: (1, 0), 28106: (0, 1), 28120: (0, 5), 28134: (255, 0), 28148: (0, 1), 28162: (1, 0), 28176: (1, 4), 28190: (1, 2), 28204: (0, 127), 28218: (0, 127), 28232: (0, 127), 28246: (1, 3), 28260: (1, 127), 28274: (0, 126), 28288: (0, 126), 28302: (0, 5), 28316: (0, 127), 28330: (0, 0), 28344: (1, 127), 28358: (0, 4), 28372: (0, 0), 28386: (0, 127), 28400: (0, 127), 28414: (0, 4), 28428: (0, 0), 28442: (1, 0), 28456: (0, 127), 28470: (255, 2), 28484: (0, 0), 28498: (0, 127), 28512: (1, 127), 28526: (1, 1), 28540: (0, 2), 28554: (255, 127), 28568: (0, 126), 28582: (0, 0), 28596: (0, 4), 28610: (255, 0), 28624: (255, 127), 28638: (255, 127), 28652: (255, 4), 28666: (255, 127), 28680: (0, 127), 28694: (0, 127), 28708: (0, 5), 28722: (0, 0), 28736: (255, 127), 28750: (254, 127), 28764: (255, 5), 28778: (0, 1), 28792: (255, 0), 28806: (254, 127), 28820: (255, 3), 28834: (0, 2), 28848: (0, 0), 28862: (255, 127), 28876: (255, 127), 28890: (255, 6), 28904: (255, 0), 28918: (255, 127), 28932: (255, 127), 28946: (255, 127), 28960: (255, 3), 28974: (0, 0), 28988: (255, 127), 29002: (254, 127), 29016: (255, 127), 29030: (0, 5), 29044: (0, 1), 29058: (0, 1), 29072: (255, 0), 29086: (255, 1), 29100: (0, 4), 29114: (0, 3), 29128: (255, 1), 29142: (255, 0), 29156: (255, 0), 29170: (0, 1), 29184: (0, 6), 29198: (255, 1), 29212: (255, 1), 29226: (0, 0), 29240: (0, 1), 29254: (255, 6), 29268: (255, 1), 29282: (0, 0), 29296: (255, 0), 29310: (255, 0), 29324: (0, 5), 29338: (1, 0), 29352: (0, 127), 29366: (255, 1), 29380: (0, 3), 29394: (0, 2), 29408: (0, 1), 29422: (0, 0), 29436: (0, 1), 29450: (0, 6), 29464: (255, 1), 29478: (0, 1), 29492: (0, 1), 29506: (0, 4), 29520: (0, 3), 29534: (0, 1), 29548: (255, 1), 29562: (255, 0), 29576: (0, 7), 29590: (1, 2), 29604: (255, 0), 29618: (255, 127), 29632: (0, 4), 29646: (0, 2), 29660: (255, 0), 29674: (0, 0), 29688: (2, 0), 29702: (2, 4), 29716: (1, 0), 29730: (1, 0), 29744: (1, 0), 29758: (2, 6), 29772: (2, 1), 29786: (2, 1), 29800: (1, 0), 29814: (0, 6), 29828: (1, 0), 29842: (1, 0), 29856: (0, 0), 29870: (255, 6), 29884: (0, 2), 29898: (1, 1), 29912: (0, 1), 29926: (0, 5), 29940: (1, 1), 29954: (1, 1), 29968: (1, 0), 29982: (0, 5), 29996: (0, 0), 30010: (0, 127), 30024: (1, 127), 30038: (2, 5), 30052: (1, 126), 30066: (255, 126), 30080: (255, 126), 30094: (1, 4), 30108: (1, 0), 30122: (0, 127), 30136: (255, 127), 30150: (0, 3), 30164: (0, 127), 30178: (0, 127), 30192: (0, 1), 30206: (0, 1), 30220: (255, 127), 30234: (0, 127), 30248: (0, 1), 30262: (0, 2), 30276: (0, 1), 30290: (0, 1), 30304: (0, 1), 30318: (0, 4), 30332: (0, 1), 30346: (0, 0), 30360: (1, 1), 30374: (1, 4), 30388: (1, 1), 30402: (0, 1), 30416: (255, 1), 30430: (1, 6), 30444: (1, 2), 30458: (1, 1), 30472: (255, 1), 30486: (0, 5), 30500: (1, 1), 30514: (0, 127), 30528: (0, 127), 30542: (1, 5), 30556: (0, 0), 30570: (0, 0), 30584: (0, 0), 30598: (0, 5), 30612: (255, 1), 30626: (255, 0), 30640: (0, 0), 30654: (0, 0), 30668: (255, 2), 30682: (255, 127), 30696: (0, 0), 30710: (0, 0), 30724: (255, 6), 30738: (255, 0), 30752: (0, 0), 30766: (0, 0), 30780: (0, 1), 30794: (0, 3), 30808: (0, 0), 30822: (255, 0), 30836: (0, 0), 30850: (1, 6), 30864: (0, 2), 30878: (0, 1), 30892: (1, 1), 30906: (1, 3), 30920: (1, 5), 30934: (0, 2), 30948: (0, 2), 30962: (0, 1), 30976: (0, 6), 30990: (255, 1), 31004: (255, 1), 31018: (255, 0), 31032: (0, 6), 31046: (0, 1), 31060: (0, 0), 31074: (255, 0), 31088: (255, 2), 31102: (1, 2), 31116: (0, 0), 31130: (0, 1), 31144: (0, 2), 31158: (0, 3), 31172: (0, 1), 31186: (0, 0), 31200: (0, 0), 31214: (0, 4), 31228: (0, 1), 31242: (0, 0), 31256: (255, 0), 31270: (255, 6), 31284: (0, 2), 31298: (1, 1), 31312: (0, 1), 31326: (255, 6), 31340: (255, 2), 31354: (0, 1), 31368: (1, 1), 31382: (1, 6), 31396: (0, 1), 31410: (0, 0), 31424: (255, 0), 31438: (0, 5), 31452: (1, 1), 31466: (0, 0), 31480: (255, 0), 31494: (255, 5), 31508: (0, 1), 31522: (0, 0), 31536: (255, 127), 31550: (0, 3), 31564: (0, 2), 31578: (255, 0), 31592: (254, 127), 31606: (255, 1), 31620: (0, 2), 31634: (1, 0), 31648: (0, 0), 31662: (255, 0), 31676: (255, 2), 31690: (255, 0), 31704: (0, 0), 31718: (0, 1), 31732: (0, 6), 31746: (255, 1), 31760: (255, 1), 31774: (0, 0), 31788: (0, 7), 31802: (0, 2), 31816: (0, 1), 31830: (0, 0), 31844: (0, 6), 31858: (255, 1), 31872: (255, 1), 31886: (0, 1), 31900: (0, 4), 31914: (0, 2), 31928: (255, 1), 31942: (255, 1), 31956: (255, 2), 31970: (1, 4), 31984: (0, 1), 31998: (255, 1), 32012: (255, 1), 32026: (0, 7), 32040: (0, 1), 32054: (1, 1), 32068: (0, 0), 32082: (0, 6), 32096: (0, 2), 32110: (0, 1), 32124: (0, 1), 32138: (0, 2), 32152: (0, 3), 32166: (1, 2), 32180: (0, 1), 32194: (255, 0), 32208: (255, 6), 32222: (0, 1), 32236: (0, 0), 32250: (255, 0), 32264: (255, 6), 32278: (255, 0), 32292: (255, 0), 32306: (0, 0), 32320: (1, 6), 32334: (0, 2), 32348: (255, 0), 32362: (255, 0), 32376: (0, 3), 32390: (0, 2), 32404: (255, 0), 32418: (255, 0), 32432: (255, 0), 32446: (255, 6), 32460: (255, 0), 32474: (0, 0), 32488: (0, 1), 32502: (255, 5), 32516: (0, 1), 32530: (0, 1), 32544: (255, 1), 32558: (0, 1), 32572: (1, 7), 32586: (0, 1), 32600: (255, 1), 32614: (0, 1), 32628: (0, 2), 32642: (0, 4), 32656: (255, 2), 32670: (0, 1), 32684: (255, 1), 32698: (255, 8), 32712: (0, 2), 32726: (0, 2), 32740: (255, 2), 32754: (255, 1), 32768: (0, 5), 32782: (0, 2), 32796: (255, 1), 32810: (255, 1), 32824: (0, 6), 32838: (0, 3), 32852: (0, 1), 32866: (0, 1), 32880: (1, 5), 32894: (1, 3), 32908: (1, 3), 32922: (2, 2), 32936: (2, 1), 32950: (1, 4), 32964: (2, 2), 32978: (2, 1), 32992: (1, 127), 33006: (0, 4), 33020: (1, 1), 33034: (2, 2), 33048: (1, 1), 33062: (0, 6), 33076: (1, 2), 33090: (0, 0), 33104: (1, 0), 33118: (0, 6), 33132: (0, 1), 33146: (0, 0), 33160: (0, 0), 33174: (0, 3), 33188: (0, 3), 33202: (255, 1), 33216: (0, 1), 33230: (1, 1), 33244: (1, 3), 33258: (255, 0), 33272: (255, 127), 33286: (0, 2), 33300: (0, 2), 33314: (0, 0), 33328: (1, 0), 33342: (255, 3), 33356: (0, 1), 33370: (0, 0), 33384: (0, 0), 33398: (0, 0), 33412: (255, 2), 33426: (255, 0), 33440: (0, 0), 33454: (0, 0), 33468: (1, 4), 33482: (1, 0), 33496: (1, 0), 33510: (0, 127), 33524: (0, 6), 33538: (1, 2), 33552: (0, 1), 33566: (1, 1), 33580: (1, 7), 33594: (1, 2), 33608: (0, 1), 33622: (0, 1), 33636: (2, 7), 33650: (2, 1), 33664: (1, 0), 33678: (0, 0), 33692: (0, 6), 33706: (1, 1), 33720: (1, 1), 33734: (1, 0), 33748: (1, 6), 33762: (1, 1), 33776: (2, 0), 33790: (2, 0), 33804: (2, 5), 33818: (1, 1), 33832: (2, 1), 33846: (1, 0), 33860: (0, 6), 33874: (0, 1), 33888: (0, 0), 33902: (1, 1), 33916: (1, 4), 33930: (0, 1), 33944: (0, 127), 33958: (0, 126), 33972: (0, 127), 33986: (1, 4), 34000: (0, 0), 34014: (255, 127), 34028: (0, 2), 34042: (1, 4), 34056: (1, 1), 34070: (255, 0), 34084: (255, 2), 34098: (0, 3), 34112: (1, 1), 34126: (0, 126), 34140: (0, 127), 34154: (1, 3), 34168: (2, 1), 34182: (1, 0), 34196: (0, 0), 34210: (0, 5), 34224: (255, 1), 34238: (1, 1), 34252: (1, 1), 34266: (0, 6), 34280: (0, 1), 34294: (1, 0), 34308: (1, 0), 34322: (1, 4), 34336: (1, 1), 34350: (0, 126), 34364: (1, 125), 34378: (1, 0), 34392: (1, 126), 34406: (1, 126), 34420: (1, 126), 34434: (0, 3), 34448: (0, 1), 34462: (0, 0), 34476: (0, 127), 34490: (1, 1), 34504: (2, 3), 34518: (1, 1), 34532: (0, 1), 34546: (0, 0), 34560: (1, 6), 34574: (1, 2), 34588: (0, 1), 34602: (0, 1), 34616: (0, 7), 34630: (0, 2), 34644: (0, 1), 34658: (0, 1), 34672: (0, 6), 34686: (0, 2), 34700: (0, 2), 34714: (0, 1), 34728: (0, 5), 34742: (1, 2), 34756: (1, 1), 34770: (1, 0), 34784: (0, 4), 34798: (0, 1), 34812: (0, 0), 34826: (1, 0), 34840: (1, 5), 34854: (0, 1), 34868: (0, 0), 34882: (255, 0), 34896: (0, 5), 34910: (1, 1), 34924: (1, 0), 34938: (0, 127), 34952: (0, 5), 34966: (255, 1), 34980: (0, 0), 34994: (0, 127), 35008: (0, 6), 35022: (0, 1), 35036: (255, 0), 35050: (255, 0), 35064: (255, 6), 35078: (255, 1), 35092: (255, 1), 35106: (0, 0), 35120: (255, 6), 35134: (254, 1), 35148: (254, 0), 35162: (255, 0), 35176: (0, 5), 35190: (0, 2), 35204: (255, 1), 35218: (0, 0), 35232: (0, 5), 35246: (0, 2), 35260: (0, 1), 35274: (0, 1), 35288: (0, 5), 35302: (0, 3), 35316: (0, 1), 35330: (0, 0), 35344: (0, 4), 35358: (2, 3), 35372: (2, 1), 35386: (1, 127), 35400: (0, 1), 35414: (1, 4), 35428: (2, 1), 35442: (2, 1), 35456: (1, 1), 35470: (0, 5), 35484: (255, 1), 35498: (0, 0), 35512: (1, 1), 35526: (1, 7), 35540: (0, 1), 35554: (255, 1), 35568: (0, 2), 35582: (0, 7), 35596: (0, 2), 35610: (0, 2), 35624: (1, 1), 35638: (0, 8), 35652: (255, 2), 35666: (255, 1), 35680: (0, 2), 35694: (1, 7), 35708: (0, 3), 35722: (0, 1), 35736: (0, 1), 35750: (0, 4), 35764: (1, 3), 35778: (1, 1), 35792: (0, 0), 35806: (255, 3), 35820: (0, 2), 35834: (0, 1), 35848: (255, 0), 35862: (0, 3), 35876: (0, 2), 35890: (0, 1), 35904: (255, 1), 35918: (0, 1), 35932: (1, 4), 35946: (0, 0), 35960: (255, 0), 35974: (255, 127), 35988: (0, 5), 36002: (255, 1), 36016: (0, 0), 36030: (0, 0), 36044: (0, 2), 36058: (255, 1), 36072: (255, 1), 36086: (0, 0), 36100: (0, 0), 36114: (0, 7), 36128: (0, 1), 36142: (0, 1), 36156: (255, 1), 36170: (0, 4), 36184: (0, 4), 36198: (255, 1), 36212: (255, 1), 36226: (0, 1), 36240: (1, 5), 36254: (0, 0), 36268: (0, 126), 36282: (1, 127), 36296: (1, 3), 36310: (0, 1), 36324: (1, 0), 36338: (1, 0), 36352: (0, 0), 36366: (0, 4), 36380: (0, 1), 36394: (0, 0), 36408: (0, 0), 36422: (0, 5), 36436: (1, 1), 36450: (1, 0), 36464: (0, 126), 36478: (0, 126), 36492: (1, 4), 36506: (0, 0), 36520: (1, 1), 36534: (1, 1), 36548: (0, 6), 36562: (255, 1), 36576: (0, 0), 36590: (0, 0), 36604: (255, 4), 36618: (255, 1), 36632: (255, 0), 36646: (0, 0), 36660: (255, 0), 36674: (0, 5), 36688: (0, 1), 36702: (0, 2), 36716: (0, 0), 36730: (0, 5), 36744: (1, 2), 36758: (0, 1), 36772: (0, 1), 36786: (0, 1), 36800: (0, 4), 36814: (255, 1), 36828: (0, 1), 36842: (1, 1), 36856: (1, 7), 36870: (255, 1), 36884: (255, 0), 36898: (0, 126), 36912: (255, 4), 36926: (255, 127), 36940: (0, 127), 36954: (1, 0), 36968: (0, 127), 36982: (0, 5), 36996: (1, 127), 37010: (1, 127), 37024: (1, 0), 37038: (1, 5), 37052: (1, 1), 37066: (0, 0), 37080: (255, 127), 37094: (0, 3), 37108: (1, 2), 37122: (0, 0), 37136: (255, 0), 37150: (255, 0), 37164: (1, 6), 37178: (2, 2), 37192: (1, 2), 37206: (0, 1), 37220: (0, 7), 37234: (0, 0), 37248: (1, 127), 37262: (0, 127), 37276: (0, 5), 37290: (0, 0), 37304: (0, 127), 37318: (255, 127), 37332: (255, 3), 37346: (0, 1), 37360: (0, 0), 37374: (0, 127), 37388: (255, 3), 37402: (255, 1), 37416: (255, 127), 37430: (0, 1), 37444: (1, 5), 37458: (1, 3), 37472: (0, 1), 37486: (255, 127), 37500: (255, 1), 37514: (0, 4), 37528: (0, 2), 37542: (255, 1), 37556: (0, 2), 37570: (0, 5), 37584: (0, 2), 37598: (255, 1), 37612: (0, 1), 37626: (1, 7), 37640: (0, 2), 37654: (0, 2), 37668: (0, 2), 37682: (0, 6), 37696: (1, 2), 37710: (1, 1), 37724: (0, 1), 37738: (255, 7), 37752: (0, 2), 37766: (0, 1), 37780: (0, 1), 37794: (255, 7), 37808: (0, 2), 37822: (0, 1), 37836: (0, 1), 37850: (0, 8), 37864: (0, 2), 37878: (0, 1), 37892: (0, 2), 37906: (1, 6), 37920: (1, 2), 37934: (0, 1), 37948: (0, 0), 37962: (2, 1), 37976: (1, 5), 37990: (0, 2), 38004: (255, 0), 38018: (0, 1), 38032: (0, 1), 38046: (0, 2), 38060: (1, 1), 38074: (0, 127), 38088: (0, 126), 38102: (1, 125), 38116: (1, 2), 38130: (1, 126), 38144: (0, 124), 38158: (1, 123), 38172: (1, 126), 38186: (0, 0), 38200: (0, 127), 38214: (1, 127), 38228: (1, 0), 38242: (0, 2), 38256: (0, 127), 38270: (0, 0), 38284: (0, 127), 38298: (0, 4), 38312: (1, 0), 38326: (1, 0), 38340: (0, 126), 38354: (255, 3), 38368: (1, 127), 38382: (1, 126), 38396: (1, 125), 38410: (0, 1), 38424: (0, 125), 38438: (0, 126), 38452: (0, 126), 38466: (1, 1), 38480: (1, 0), 38494: (0, 126), 38508: (0, 126), 38522: (0, 0), 38536: (0, 5), 38550: (1, 1), 38564: (1, 0), 38578: (0, 0), 38592: (0, 4), 38606: (255, 1), 38620: (0, 0), 38634: (1, 0), 38648: (1, 3), 38662: (0, 2), 38676: (255, 1), 38690: (0, 1), 38704: (0, 1), 38718: (1, 5), 38732: (1, 1), 38746: (1, 126), 38760: (1, 125), 38774: (2, 2), 38788: (3, 125), 38802: (2, 124), 38816: (1, 125), 38830: (1, 2), 38844: (1, 127), 38858: (0, 127), 38872: (0, 127), 38886: (1, 2), 38900: (1, 1), 38914: (0, 0), 38928: (1, 0), 38942: (0, 127), 38956: (0, 3), 38970: (1, 0), 38984: (1, 0), 38998: (0, 127), 39012: (255, 4), 39026: (0, 1), 39040: (1, 1), 39054: (0, 0), 39068: (255, 6), 39082: (255, 1), 39096: (255, 1), 39110: (255, 0), 39124: (0, 5), 39138: (1, 1), 39152: (0, 1), 39166: (255, 0), 39180: (1, 1), 39194: (0, 4), 39208: (255, 1), 39222: (0, 1), 39236: (0, 1), 39250: (1, 6), 39264: (255, 1), 39278: (255, 0), 39292: (0, 1), 39306: (1, 7), 39320: (0, 1), 39334: (0, 1), 39348: (255, 0), 39362: (255, 7), 39376: (0, 2), 39390: (1, 2), 39404: (0, 1), 39418: (255, 6), 39432: (0, 2), 39446: (0, 1), 39460: (0, 1), 39474: (255, 4), 39488: (0, 2), 39502: (0, 1), 39516: (255, 0), 39530: (0, 2), 39544: (0, 2), 39558: (1, 0), 39572: (0, 0), 39586: (255, 1), 39600: (0, 6), 39614: (255, 1), 39628: (0, 2), 39642: (1, 1), 39656: (0, 7), 39670: (255, 2), 39684: (255, 1), 39698: (0, 1), 39712: (0, 7), 39726: (255, 2), 39740: (255, 2), 39754: (0, 1), 39768: (0, 7), 39782: (0, 3), 39796: (0, 2), 39810: (0, 1), 39824: (255, 4), 39838: (0, 2), 39852: (0, 0), 39866: (255, 0), 39880: (255, 3), 39894: (0, 2), 39908: (2, 1), 39922: (1, 0), 39936: (0, 3), 39950: (0, 2), 39964: (0, 1), 39978: (0, 0), 39992: (255, 1), 40006: (255, 4), 40020: (0, 2), 40034: (255, 1), 40048: (0, 0), 40062: (255, 6), 40076: (255, 1), 40090: (255, 1), 40104: (255, 0), 40118: (0, 1), 40132: (0, 6), 40146: (255, 1), 40160: (255, 0), 40174: (255, 0), 40188: (255, 0), 40202: (255, 5), 40216: (0, 2), 40230: (0, 2), 40244: (255, 1), 40258: (255, 2), 40272: (255, 5), 40286: (255, 2), 40300: (0, 2), 40314: (0, 1), 40328: (255, 3), 40342: (0, 3), 40356: (0, 2), 40370: (0, 1), 40384: (0, 2), 40398: (255, 3), 40412: (0, 3), 40426: (0, 1), 40440: (0, 1), 40454: (0, 0), 40468: (0, 3), 40482: (0, 2), 40496: (0, 1), 40510: (0, 0), 40524: (255, 127), 40538: (255, 3), 40552: (0, 0), 40566: (1, 127), 40580: (0, 127), 40594: (0, 126), 40608: (0, 5), 40622: (1, 127), 40636: (1, 127), 40650: (1, 127), 40664: (0, 1), 40678: (0, 1), 40692: (0, 0), 40706: (0, 127), 40720: (0, 127), 40734: (0, 5), 40748: (0, 0), 40762: (255, 127), 40776: (255, 127), 40790: (255, 2), 40804: (0, 1), 40818: (1, 126), 40832: (1, 126), 40846: (0, 126), 40860: (255, 5), 40874: (0, 0), 40888: (0, 127), 40902: (1, 127), 40916: (1, 3), 40930: (1, 1), 40944: (0, 127), 40958: (255, 127), 40972: (0, 127), 40986: (1, 5), 41000: (0, 0), 41014: (255, 127), 41028: (255, 127), 41042: (255, 3), 41056: (255, 1), 41070: (255, 0), 41084: (0, 0), 41098: (0, 0), 41112: (0, 4), 41126: (0, 1), 41140: (255, 1), 41154: (0, 1), 41168: (1, 6), 41182: (1, 2), 41196: (255, 1), 41210: (255, 1), 41224: (0, 4), 41238: (1, 4), 41252: (0, 2), 41266: (255, 0), 41280: (0, 127), 41294: (0, 6), 41308: (0, 1), 41322: (255, 0), 41336: (0, 1), 41350: (0, 5), 41364: (0, 3), 41378: (0, 1), 41392: (0, 1), 41406: (255, 3), 41420: (0, 4), 41434: (0, 1), 41448: (0, 1), 41462: (255, 1), 41476: (255, 6), 41490: (255, 1), 41504: (0, 1), 41518: (0, 2), 41532: (255, 6), 41546: (255, 2), 41560: (255, 1), 41574: (0, 1), 41588: (0, 1), 41602: (0, 3), 41616: (255, 1), 41630: (0, 1), 41644: (0, 0), 41658: (255, 6), 41672: (255, 2), 41686: (0, 0), 41700: (1, 0), 41714: (0, 4), 41728: (255, 2), 41742: (0, 0), 41756: (0, 126), 41770: (0, 126), 41784: (0, 5), 41798: (0, 0), 41812: (255, 127), 41826: (255, 127), 41840: (0, 2), 41854: (0, 3), 41868: (255, 1), 41882: (255, 0), 41896: (0, 1), 41910: (0, 7), 41924: (0, 1), 41938: (0, 0), 41952: (255, 0), 41966: (255, 3), 41980: (255, 3), 41994: (0, 1), 42008: (255, 0), 42022: (255, 0), 42036: (255, 6), 42050: (255, 1), 42064: (255, 0), 42078: (254, 0), 42092: (255, 2), 42106: (0, 3), 42120: (255, 1), 42134: (254, 0), 42148: (255, 0), 42162: (255, 6), 42176: (0, 1), 42190: (255, 0), 42204: (0, 1), 42218: (255, 3), 42232: (255, 4), 42246: (0, 2), 42260: (0, 1), 42274: (255, 1), 42288: (255, 5), 42302: (0, 2), 42316: (0, 2), 42330: (255, 1), 42344: (255, 1), 42358: (0, 7), 42372: (0, 2), 42386: (255, 0), 42400: (0, 0), 42414: (0, 127), 42428: (0, 5), 42442: (0, 2), 42456: (0, 1), 42470: (255, 1), 42484: (254, 7), 42498: (255, 3), 42512: (0, 2), 42526: (0, 2), 42540: (255, 4), 42554: (255, 4), 42568: (255, 2), 42582: (0, 3), 42596: (255, 2), 42610: (0, 8), 42624: (255, 2), 42638: (255, 2), 42652: (0, 2), 42666: (1, 4), 42680: (2, 3), 42694: (1, 0), 42708: (1, 0), 42722: (1, 0), 42736: (0, 5), 42750: (0, 0), 42764: (1, 1), 42778: (1, 1), 42792: (1, 6), 42806: (1, 2), 42820: (255, 0), 42834: (0, 0), 42848: (1, 1), 42862: (1, 5), 42876: (0, 1), 42890: (0, 0), 42904: (0, 0), 42918: (0, 4), 42932: (0, 1), 42946: (0, 0), 42960: (1, 126), 42974: (1, 126), 42988: (1, 1), 43002: (0, 125), 43016: (1, 126), 43030: (2, 124), 43044: (1, 1), 43058: (1, 1), 43072: (0, 127), 43086: (255, 0), 43100: (0, 1), 43114: (1, 3), 43128: (0, 0), 43142: (0, 0), 43156: (0, 0), 43170: (0, 5), 43184: (0, 1), 43198: (255, 0), 43212: (0, 0), 43226: (0, 6), 43240: (0, 1), 43254: (0, 0), 43268: (0, 127), 43282: (0, 6), 43296: (0, 1), 43310: (0, 0), 43324: (0, 1), 43338: (255, 6), 43352: (255, 1), 43366: (0, 0), 43380: (1, 0), 43394: (0, 6), 43408: (255, 0), 43422: (0, 0), 43436: (0, 0), 43450: (255, 5), 43464: (0, 1), 43478: (0, 0), 43492: (255, 0), 43506: (0, 4), 43520: (1, 2), 43534: (1, 1), 43548: (0, 0), 43562: (0, 2), 43576: (1, 4), 43590: (0, 1), 43604: (255, 0), 43618: (255, 1), 43632: (1, 5), 43646: (0, 1), 43660: (255, 0), 43674: (255, 0), 43688: (255, 6), 43702: (255, 1), 43716: (254, 0), 43730: (255, 0), 43744: (255, 5), 43758: (255, 1), 43772: (255, 0), 43786: (255, 0), 43800: (254, 1), 43814: (254, 2), 43828: (255, 0), 43842: (0, 0), 43856: (255, 127), 43870: (254, 5), 43884: (255, 2), 43898: (255, 2), 43912: (255, 1), 43926: (255, 1), 43940: (255, 7), 43954: (255, 2), 43968: (0, 3), 43982: (0, 1), 43996: (255, 1), 44010: (255, 7), 44024: (0, 3), 44038: (0, 2), 44052: (255, 2), 44066: (255, 3), 44080: (255, 5), 44094: (0, 3), 44108: (0, 2), 44122: (0, 1), 44136: (255, 6), 44150: (255, 2), 44164: (255, 1), 44178: (0, 1), 44192: (0, 1), 44206: (0, 6), 44220: (255, 2), 44234: (0, 2), 44248: (255, 1), 44262: (255, 7), 44276: (0, 3), 44290: (0, 2), 44304: (0, 2), 44318: (255, 5), 44332: (255, 3), 44346: (255, 1), 44360: (255, 1), 44374: (255, 4), 44388: (255, 3), 44402: (255, 1), 44416: (254, 0), 44430: (255, 1), 44444: (0, 3), 44458: (0, 0), 44472: (255, 127), 44486: (255, 126), 44500: (255, 4), 44514: (255, 0), 44528: (255, 0), 44542: (255, 0), 44556: (255, 6), 44570: (255, 1), 44584: (255, 0), 44598: (255, 0), 44612: (255, 6), 44626: (0, 2), 44640: (255, 1), 44654: (255, 1), 44668: (254, 6), 44682: (254, 1), 44696: (0, 2), 44710: (0, 1), 44724: (0, 1), 44738: (255, 7), 44752: (254, 2), 44766: (255, 1), 44780: (0, 1), 44794: (0, 6), 44808: (0, 4), 44822: (255, 2), 44836: (255, 1), 44850: (255, 2), 44864: (255, 7), 44878: (255, 2), 44892: (0, 2), 44906: (0, 2), 44920: (255, 6), 44934: (255, 3), 44948: (255, 3), 44962: (0, 2), 44976: (0, 2), 44990: (255, 7), 45004: (255, 2), 45018: (255, 2), 45032: (0, 2), 45046: (1, 5), 45060: (1, 5), 45074: (0, 2), 45088: (1, 1), 45102: (2, 2), 45116: (2, 8), 45130: (1, 3), 45144: (1, 1), 45158: (2, 0), 45172: (1, 7), 45186: (0, 2), 45200: (0, 1), 45214: (0, 2), 45228: (0, 5), 45242: (0, 3), 45256: (0, 2), 45270: (0, 1), 45284: (0, 2), 45298: (1, 4), 45312: (1, 1), 45326: (255, 0), 45340: (255, 127), 45354: (1, 4), 45368: (1, 127), 45382: (0, 127), 45396: (255, 0), 45410: (0, 6), 45424: (0, 1), 45438: (255, 0), 45452: (255, 0), 45466: (0, 6), 45480: (255, 1), 45494: (255, 0), 45508: (0, 127), 45522: (0, 4), 45536: (255, 1), 45550: (255, 0), 45564: (1, 1), 45578: (1, 1), 45592: (255, 6), 45606: (0, 2), 45620: (1, 2), 45634: (1, 2), 45648: (1, 5), 45662: (0, 3), 45676: (0, 1), 45690: (255, 0), 45704: (0, 2), 45718: (1, 3), 45732: (0, 1), 45746: (255, 0), 45760: (0, 0), 45774: (1, 4), 45788: (0, 1), 45802: (255, 1), 45816: (0, 1), 45830: (0, 6), 45844: (255, 1), 45858: (255, 1), 45872: (0, 0), 45886: (1, 7), 45900: (0, 2), 45914: (255, 1), 45928: (255, 1), 45942: (255, 6), 45956: (0, 2), 45970: (0, 2), 45984: (0, 1), 45998: (255, 4), 46012: (255, 3), 46026: (0, 1), 46040: (0, 1), 46054: (0, 1), 46068: (255, 4), 46082: (255, 1), 46096: (255, 0), 46110: (255, 127), 46124: (255, 5), 46138: (0, 1), 46152: (0, 1), 46166: (0, 0), 46180: (0, 4), 46194: (0, 2), 46208: (255, 0), 46222: (0, 0), 46236: (1, 1), 46250: (0, 4), 46264: (255, 0), 46278: (255, 0), 46292: (0, 0), 46306: (0, 7), 46320: (1, 3), 46334: (1, 1), 46348: (0, 0), 46362: (0, 0), 46376: (1, 4), 46390: (1, 2), 46404: (0, 2), 46418: (0, 1), 46432: (1, 6), 46446: (0, 2), 46460: (255, 1), 46474: (0, 1), 46488: (1, 2), 46502: (0, 3), 46516: (0, 3), 46530: (255, 2), 46544: (0, 2), 46558: (255, 1), 46572: (0, 6), 46586: (0, 2), 46600: (255, 1), 46614: (255, 1), 46628: (1, 1), 46642: (1, 5), 46656: (0, 1), 46670: (0, 0), 46684: (1, 1), 46698: (1, 5), 46712: (0, 0), 46726: (0, 127), 46740: (1, 127), 46754: (0, 0), 46768: (0, 5), 46782: (1, 1), 46796: (0, 1), 46810: (255, 1), 46824: (0, 7), 46838: (1, 3), 46852: (0, 2), 46866: (255, 1), 46880: (0, 6), 46894: (1, 2), 46908: (0, 1), 46922: (255, 1), 46936: (255, 3), 46950: (1, 4), 46964: (0, 1), 46978: (0, 0), 46992: (0, 1), 47006: (0, 5), 47020: (255, 2), 47034: (0, 1), 47048: (0, 0), 47062: (255, 5), 47076: (255, 0), 47090: (0, 0), 47104: (0, 0), 47118: (255, 6), 47132: (0, 1), 47146: (0, 1), 47160: (0, 0), 47174: (0, 5), 47188: (1, 127), 47202: (2, 127), 47216: (2, 126), 47230: (2, 2), 47244: (2, 125), 47258: (0, 126), 47272: (0, 126), 47286: (0, 4), 47300: (1, 1), 47314: (0, 1), 47328: (255, 0), 47342: (255, 3), 47356: (0, 3), 47370: (0, 2), 47384: (0, 1), 47398: (0, 1), 47412: (0, 5), 47426: (0, 2), 47440: (0, 1), 47454: (255, 1), 47468: (0, 6), 47482: (0, 2), 47496: (0, 1), 47510: (255, 2), 47524: (255, 4), 47538: (255, 1), 47552: (0, 1), 47566: (0, 1), 47580: (255, 4), 47594: (254, 1), 47608: (255, 0), 47622: (0, 1), 47636: (1, 6), 47650: (0, 2), 47664: (255, 1), 47678: (255, 1), 47692: (0, 8), 47706: (0, 2), 47720: (0, 2), 47734: (0, 1), 47748: (0, 8), 47762: (0, 3), 47776: (255, 2), 47790: (255, 1), 47804: (0, 8), 47818: (0, 3), 47832: (0, 2), 47846: (255, 1), 47860: (255, 8), 47874: (0, 3), 47888: (255, 2), 47902: (0, 2), 47916: (0, 8), 47930: (0, 3), 47944: (255, 1), 47958: (255, 1), 47972: (0, 8), 47986: (0, 3), 48000: (0, 2), 48014: (0, 2), 48028: (0, 6), 48042: (0, 1), 48056: (255, 1), 48070: (0, 1), 48084: (0, 6), 48098: (0, 2), 48112: (0, 1), 48126: (0, 1), 48140: (255, 6), 48154: (0, 2), 48168: (1, 1), 48182: (0, 1), 48196: (255, 5), 48210: (255, 1), 48224: (0, 0), 48238: (0, 0), 48252: (255, 5), 48266: (255, 1), 48280: (0, 0), 48294: (0, 127), 48308: (255, 3), 48322: (255, 2), 48336: (255, 1), 48350: (255, 0), 48364: (255, 2), 48378: (0, 3), 48392: (255, 1), 48406: (254, 0), 48420: (255, 0), 48434: (0, 5), 48448: (255, 1), 48462: (254, 0), 48476: (255, 0), 48490: (255, 8), 48504: (0, 3), 48518: (255, 2), 48532: (255, 2), 48546: (254, 1), 48560: (255, 5), 48574: (0, 2), 48588: (0, 2), 48602: (255, 1), 48616: (255, 5), 48630: (0, 3), 48644: (0, 3), 48658: (255, 1), 48672: (255, 1), 48686: (0, 8), 48700: (0, 4), 48714: (0, 3), 48728: (255, 2), 48742: (0, 6), 48756: (0, 4), 48770: (0, 3), 48784: (0, 2), 48798: (255, 1), 48812: (0, 5), 48826: (1, 2), 48840: (0, 2), 48854: (0, 1), 48868: (0, 7), 48882: (0, 2), 48896: (0, 1), 48910: (0, 1), 48924: (0, 5), 48938: (0, 2), 48952: (0, 0), 48966: (255, 0), 48980: (255, 0), 48994: (255, 6), 49008: (255, 1), 49022: (0, 1), 49036: (0, 0), 49050: (255, 6), 49064: (254, 1), 49078: (255, 1), 49092: (1, 2), 49106: (0, 5), 49120: (0, 1), 49134: (0, 1), 49148: (1, 2), 49162: (1, 6), 49176: (1, 3), 49190: (1, 2), 49204: (0, 127), 49218: (0, 5), 49232: (1, 2), 49246: (0, 0), 49260: (0, 0), 49274: (0, 5), 49288: (1, 2), 49302: (0, 0), 49316: (255, 0), 49330: (255, 4), 49344: (1, 2), 49358: (1, 1), 49372: (0, 0), 49386: (255, 4), 49400: (0, 2), 49414: (255, 0), 49428: (255, 0), 49442: (0, 1), 49456: (255, 2), 49470: (254, 0), 49484: (255, 127), 49498: (255, 127), 49512: (0, 3), 49526: (255, 127), 49540: (255, 126), 49554: (255, 127), 49568: (255, 5), 49582: (255, 0), 49596: (255, 127), 49610: (255, 127), 49624: (255, 5), 49638: (255, 0), 49652: (255, 0), 49666: (255, 0), 49680: (0, 1), 49694: (0, 6), 49708: (0, 2), 49722: (254, 0), 49736: (254, 127), 49750: (255, 0), 49764: (0, 4), 49778: (255, 0), 49792: (254, 0), 49806: (254, 127), 49820: (255, 1), 49834: (1, 4), 49848: (1, 0), 49862: (0, 127), 49876: (1, 2), 49890: (1, 3), 49904: (1, 8), 49918: (0, 4), 49932: (255, 1), 49946: (0, 2), 49960: (0, 2), 49974: (255, 7), 49988: (255, 2), 50002: (255, 2), 50016: (0, 1), 50030: (0, 127), 50044: (0, 2), 50058: (0, 126), 50072: (1, 0), 50086: (2, 127), 50100: (2, 1), 50114: (2, 2), 50128: (1, 1), 50142: (0, 0), 50156: (1, 1), 50170: (1, 7), 50184: (0, 2), 50198: (0, 1), 50212: (0, 0), 50226: (0, 4), 50240: (1, 2), 50254: (1, 1), 50268: (0, 1), 50282: (0, 1), 50296: (1, 6), 50310: (2, 3), 50324: (1, 0), 50338: (0, 0), 50352: (1, 6), 50366: (3, 4), 50380: (2, 2), 50394: (0, 1), 50408: (0, 5), 50422: (1, 3), 50436: (0, 1), 50450: (255, 0), 50464: (0, 0), 50478: (0, 4), 50492: (0, 1), 50506: (1, 0), 50520: (0, 0), 50534: (255, 6), 50548: (255, 1), 50562: (0, 1), 50576: (1, 1), 50590: (0, 5), 50604: (0, 1), 50618: (1, 0), 50632: (1, 1), 50646: (0, 3), 50660: (255, 2), 50674: (1, 2), 50688: (0, 1), 50702: (0, 1), 50716: (0, 4), 50730: (255, 1), 50744: (0, 0), 50758: (1, 1), 50772: (1, 6), 50786: (0, 1), 50800: (255, 0), 50814: (0, 0), 50828: (0, 6), 50842: (0, 2), 50856: (0, 1), 50870: (0, 0), 50884: (0, 6), 50898: (255, 2), 50912: (255, 1), 50926: (0, 0), 50940: (0, 5), 50954: (0, 2), 50968: (255, 0), 50982: (255, 0), 50996: (0, 3), 51010: (1, 2), 51024: (1, 0), 51038: (1, 0), 51052: (1, 1), 51066: (0, 4), 51080: (0, 2), 51094: (1, 1), 51108: (0, 1), 51122: (0, 5), 51136: (255, 1), 51150: (255, 1), 51164: (255, 1), 51178: (0, 7), 51192: (0, 2), 51206: (0, 2), 51220: (0, 2), 51234: (0, 7), 51248: (0, 2), 51262: (0, 2), 51276: (1, 1), 51290: (0, 7), 51304: (0, 2), 51318: (0, 1), 51332: (0, 0), 51346: (0, 6), 51360: (1, 2), 51374: (0, 0), 51388: (0, 0), 51402: (255, 4), 51416: (0, 2), 51430: (0, 0), 51444: (1, 0), 51458: (255, 3), 51472: (255, 2), 51486: (0, 1), 51500: (0, 0), 51514: (255, 0), 51528: (0, 4), 51542: (0, 1), 51556: (0, 1), 51570: (255, 2), 51584: (255, 3), 51598: (0, 1), 51612: (0, 0), 51626: (0, 0), 51640: (1, 7), 51654: (0, 3), 51668: (255, 1), 51682: (0, 2), 51696: (1, 7), 51710: (1, 2), 51724: (255, 1), 51738: (0, 2), 51752: (1, 9), 51766: (2, 2), 51780: (2, 1), 51794: (2, 0), 51808: (2, 5), 51822: (1, 2), 51836: (2, 1), 51850: (1, 1), 51864: (0, 7), 51878: (0, 3), 51892: (1, 2), 51906: (1, 2), 51920: (0, 7), 51934: (0, 2), 51948: (1, 1), 51962: (1, 1), 51976: (0, 7), 51990: (255, 1), 52004: (0, 1), 52018: (0, 1), 52032: (1, 7), 52046: (1, 3), 52060: (0, 1), 52074: (0, 1), 52088: (0, 6), 52102: (1, 3), 52116: (1, 3), 52130: (1, 1), 52144: (1, 5), 52158: (1, 2), 52172: (1, 0), 52186: (1, 0), 52200: (1, 0), 52214: (2, 125), 52228: (2, 125), 52242: (1, 127), 52256: (1, 0), 52270: (1, 126), 52284: (1, 126), 52298: (1, 0), 52312: (1, 3), 52326: (0, 0), 52340: (0, 127), 52354: (0, 5), 52368: (1, 3), 52382: (0, 2), 52396: (0, 1), 52410: (0, 5), 52424: (0, 2), 52438: (0, 1), 52452: (0, 0), 52466: (0, 5), 52480: (0, 1), 52494: (0, 0), 52508: (255, 0), 52522: (255, 6), 52536: (255, 0), 52550: (0, 0), 52564: (1, 0), 52578: (255, 5), 52592: (255, 1), 52606: (0, 0), 52620: (0, 0), 52634: (0, 6), 52648: (0, 1), 52662: (0, 0), 52676: (0, 127), 52690: (1, 5), 52704: (2, 4), 52718: (2, 3), 52732: (1, 5), 52746: (0, 5), 52760: (1, 3), 52774: (0, 1), 52788: (0, 4), 52802: (0, 5), 52816: (1, 3), 52830: (1, 1), 52844: (0, 7), 52858: (255, 2), 52872: (0, 1), 52886: (0, 2), 52900: (0, 7), 52914: (0, 4), 52928: (0, 2), 52942: (255, 2), 52956: (0, 7), 52970: (1, 3), 52984: (1, 1), 52998: (255, 0), 53012: (255, 6), 53026: (1, 3), 53040: (0, 2), 53054: (0, 1), 53068: (0, 8), 53082: (1, 3), 53096: (0, 2), 53110: (255, 1), 53124: (0, 7), 53138: (1, 2), 53152: (0, 1), 53166: (0, 0), 53180: (255, 6), 53194: (255, 1), 53208: (255, 0), 53222: (0, 0), 53236: (0, 6), 53250: (255, 1), 53264: (255, 0), 53278: (0, 0), 53292: (1, 7), 53306: (1, 2), 53320: (1, 0), 53334: (2, 0), 53348: (1, 6), 53362: (1, 2), 53376: (2, 1), 53390: (2, 2), 53404: (1, 6), 53418: (0, 2), 53432: (0, 1), 53446: (0, 1), 53460: (255, 5), 53474: (0, 2), 53488: (1, 2), 53502: (0, 1), 53516: (255, 5), 53530: (0, 3), 53544: (1, 2), 53558: (0, 1), 53572: (0, 6), 53586: (1, 4), 53600: (255, 2), 53614: (0, 2), 53628: (1, 7), 53642: (0, 3), 53656: (0, 1), 53670: (0, 1), 53684: (0, 8), 53698: (0, 3), 53712: (0, 0), 53726: (1, 126), 53740: (2, 3), 53754: (2, 125), 53768: (0, 125), 53782: (1, 125), 53796: (1, 3), 53810: (1, 126), 53824: (0, 126), 53838: (1, 127), 53852: (0, 4), 53866: (255, 0), 53880: (0, 1), 53894: (1, 3), 53908: (1, 4), 53922: (0, 1), 53936: (0, 0), 53950: (1, 4), 53964: (1, 4), 53978: (0, 1), 53992: (0, 0), 54006: (0, 4), 54020: (0, 2), 54034: (255, 0), 54048: (0, 1), 54062: (1, 4), 54076: (1, 3), 54090: (1, 1), 54104: (1, 127), 54118: (0, 5), 54132: (0, 1), 54146: (2, 2), 54160: (2, 2), 54174: (0, 6), 54188: (0, 1), 54202: (0, 1), 54216: (1, 2), 54230: (0, 7), 54244: (1, 2), 54258: (1, 2), 54272: (0, 2), 54286: (0, 6), 54300: (1, 2), 54314: (1, 2), 54328: (0, 3), 54342: (0, 4), 54356: (0, 1), 54370: (0, 1), 54384: (0, 5), 54398: (0, 3), 54412: (1, 3), 54426: (1, 3), 54440: (0, 7), 54454: (1, 3), 54468: (1, 2), 54482: (0, 1), 54496: (0, 7), 54510: (1, 4), 54524: (255, 2), 54538: (255, 2), 54552: (0, 9), 54566: (0, 2), 54580: (0, 3), 54594: (255, 2), 54608: (255, 6), 54622: (0, 3), 54636: (0, 2), 54650: (0, 6), 54664: (0, 4), 54678: (0, 2), 54692: (255, 1), 54706: (0, 7), 54720: (0, 2), 54734: (0, 1), 54748: (0, 1), 54762: (255, 8), 54776: (255, 1), 54790: (255, 1), 54804: (0, 1), 54818: (0, 7), 54832: (0, 2), 54846: (0, 2), 54860: (1, 4), 54874: (1, 6), 54888: (1, 2), 54902: (1, 2), 54916: (0, 5), 54930: (1, 4), 54944: (1, 1), 54958: (1, 1), 54972: (1, 6), 54986: (1, 3), 55000: (1, 2), 55014: (1, 2), 55028: (1, 9), 55042: (1, 3), 55056: (0, 2), 55070: (0, 2), 55084: (0, 8), 55098: (0, 3), 55112: (0, 2), 55126: (0, 3), 55140: (0, 4), 55154: (0, 1), 55168: (1, 1), 55182: (0, 4), 55196: (255, 3), 55210: (255, 1), 55224: (0, 1), 55238: (1, 6), 55252: (0, 2), 55266: (0, 1), 55280: (0, 1), 55294: (0, 8), 55308: (255, 1), 55322: (255, 0), 55336: (255, 0), 55350: (0, 7), 55364: (255, 1), 55378: (255, 1), 55392: (255, 0), 55406: (0, 6), 55420: (0, 1), 55434: (255, 0), 55448: (255, 0), 55462: (255, 5), 55476: (255, 1), 55490: (0, 0), 55504: (0, 0), 55518: (255, 6), 55532: (255, 1), 55546: (0, 0), 55560: (0, 0), 55574: (1, 2), 55588: (1, 4), 55602: (1, 2), 55616: (0, 2), 55630: (0, 0), 55644: (0, 7), 55658: (0, 2), 55672: (1, 2), 55686: (1, 2), 55700: (0, 6), 55714: (255, 3), 55728: (255, 1), 55742: (0, 2), 55756: (1, 2), 55770: (1, 6), 55784: (0, 2), 55798: (255, 1), 55812: (255, 0), 55826: (1, 7), 55840: (1, 1), 55854: (0, 1), 55868: (255, 1), 55882: (0, 8), 55896: (1, 2), 55910: (0, 1), 55924: (255, 0), 55938: (0, 7), 55952: (0, 1), 55966: (0, 1), 55980: (0, 2), 55994: (0, 8), 56008: (0, 2), 56022: (1, 2), 56036: (0, 1), 56050: (0, 4), 56064: (0, 1), 56078: (1, 0), 56092: (1, 1), 56106: (1, 2), 56120: (1, 127), 56134: (1, 125), 56148: (1, 2), 56162: (3, 0), 56176: (2, 126), 56190: (1, 125), 56204: (0, 2), 56218: (1, 1), 56232: (1, 0), 56246: (1, 1), 56260: (0, 4), 56274: (1, 2), 56288: (1, 0), 56302: (1, 0), 56316: (0, 5), 56330: (1, 2), 56344: (1, 1), 56358: (1, 1), 56372: (0, 5), 56386: (0, 3), 56400: (0, 2), 56414: (0, 1), 56428: (1, 6), 56442: (1, 2), 56456: (0, 0), 56470: (255, 0), 56484: (0, 5), 56498: (0, 2), 56512: (0, 1), 56526: (255, 0), 56540: (0, 5), 56554: (1, 2), 56568: (0, 2), 56582: (255, 1), 56596: (0, 6), 56610: (1, 3), 56624: (0, 1), 56638: (255, 0), 56652: (0, 4), 56666: (0, 3), 56680: (0, 2), 56694: (0, 1), 56708: (0, 2), 56722: (0, 0), 56736: (0, 127), 56750: (0, 0), 56764: (0, 2), 56778: (0, 2), 56792: (1, 2), 56806: (1, 0), 56820: (1, 2), 56834: (2, 2), 56848: (1, 0), 56862: (1, 0), 56876: (1, 5), 56890: (2, 3), 56904: (1, 1), 56918: (0, 0), 56932: (0, 5), 56946: (0, 3), 56960: (0, 2), 56974: (0, 1), 56988: (0, 6), 57002: (0, 2), 57016: (0, 2), 57030: (0, 1), 57044: (255, 6), 57058: (255, 1), 57072: (255, 1), 57086: (0, 1), 57100: (0, 5), 57114: (255, 1), 57128: (255, 0), 57142: (255, 0), 57156: (1, 6), 57170: (1, 2), 57184: (0, 0), 57198: (1, 1), 57212: (1, 6), 57226: (0, 2), 57240: (255, 1), 57254: (255, 1), 57268: (0, 6), 57282: (0, 3), 57296: (0, 2), 57310: (0, 2), 57324: (255, 6), 57338: (0, 2), 57352: (1, 3), 57366: (0, 2), 57380: (255, 7), 57394: (0, 3), 57408: (0, 2), 57422: (0, 2), 57436: (0, 6), 57450: (0, 3), 57464: (1, 1), 57478: (1, 1), 57492: (0, 6), 57506: (0, 2), 57520: (1, 1), 57534: (0, 0), 57548: (0, 6), 57562: (1, 1), 57576: (1, 0), 57590: (0, 0), 57604: (0, 6), 57618: (1, 2), 57632: (0, 1), 57646: (254, 0), 57660: (255, 6), 57674: (0, 2), 57688: (0, 1), 57702: (0, 1), 57716: (255, 4), 57730: (0, 2), 57744: (255, 1), 57758: (255, 1), 57772: (255, 3), 57786: (0, 3), 57800: (0, 1), 57814: (0, 1), 57828: (0, 2), 57842: (1, 5), 57856: (0, 1), 57870: (255, 1), 57884: (0, 0), 57898: (1, 6), 57912: (0, 2), 57926: (255, 1), 57940: (0, 1), 57954: (1, 7), 57968: (1, 2), 57982: (255, 1), 57996: (0, 0), 58010: (1, 6), 58024: (2, 2), 58038: (0, 1), 58052: (0, 0), 58066: (0, 7), 58080: (1, 2), 58094: (2, 0), 58108: (1, 0), 58122: (1, 5), 58136: (1, 0), 58150: (1, 0), 58164: (1, 127), 58178: (2, 3), 58192: (0, 0), 58206: (0, 0), 58220: (0, 1), 58234: (255, 0), 58248: (255, 2), 58262: (255, 0), 58276: (0, 1), 58290: (0, 1), 58304: (255, 6), 58318: (0, 0), 58332: (1, 1), 58346: (2, 0), 58360: (2, 7), 58374: (1, 1), 58388: (0, 0), 58402: (0, 0), 58416: (0, 7), 58430: (0, 2), 58444: (0, 2), 58458: (0, 1), 58472: (255, 8), 58486: (0, 2), 58500: (0, 1), 58514: (255, 1), 58528: (0, 8), 58542: (0, 2), 58556: (0, 2), 58570: (255, 2), 58584: (255, 7), 58598: (0, 2), 58612: (0, 1), 58626: (0, 1), 58640: (0, 7), 58654: (255, 2), 58668: (255, 1), 58682: (0, 1), 58696: (0, 7), 58710: (0, 2), 58724: (255, 0), 58738: (255, 0), 58752: (0, 5), 58766: (0, 1), 58780: (0, 0), 58794: (1, 127), 58808: (1, 3), 58822: (1, 1), 58836: (2, 2), 58850: (2, 0), 58864: (2, 4), 58878: (2, 3), 58892: (1, 1), 58906: (0, 1), 58920: (0, 1), 58934: (0, 4), 58948: (1, 2), 58962: (1, 2), 58976: (1, 1), 58990: (0, 7), 59004: (0, 3), 59018: (0, 2), 59032: (1, 2), 59046: (1, 8), 59060: (1, 2), 59074: (1, 2), 59088: (1, 0), 59102: (1, 6), 59116: (1, 1), 59130: (1, 1), 59144: (1, 1), 59158: (0, 7), 59172: (0, 3), 59186: (0, 2), 59200: (0, 2), 59214: (1, 6), 59228: (2, 3), 59242: (1, 2), 59256: (0, 1), 59270: (0, 5), 59284: (1, 3), 59298: (1, 2), 59312: (1, 1), 59326: (0, 5), 59340: (0, 3), 59354: (0, 1), 59368: (0, 1), 59382: (0, 3), 59396: (1, 4), 59410: (1, 3), 59424: (1, 3), 59438: (1, 2), 59452: (1, 4), 59466: (1, 1), 59480: (2, 2), 59494: (1, 2), 59508: (1, 5), 59522: (0, 1), 59536: (0, 1), 59550: (1, 3), 59564: (1, 4), 59578: (0, 1), 59592: (0, 1), 59606: (0, 3), 59620: (1, 3), 59634: (0, 1), 59648: (255, 0), 59662: (0, 3), 59676: (0, 2), 59690: (0, 1), 59704: (255, 0), 59718: (0, 5), 59732: (0, 1), 59746: (255, 0), 59760: (0, 0), 59774: (0, 5), 59788: (0, 1), 59802: (1, 2), 59816: (1, 2), 59830: (0, 7), 59844: (255, 2), 59858: (255, 1), 59872: (0, 1), 59886: (0, 6), 59900: (0, 2), 59914: (255, 0), 59928: (255, 127), 59942: (0, 4), 59956: (1, 4), 59970: (0, 1), 59984: (0, 1), 59998: (0, 2), 60012: (0, 5), 60026: (0, 2), 60040: (0, 1), 60054: (0, 1), 60068: (0, 6), 60082: (0, 2), 60096: (0, 1), 60110: (0, 1), 60124: (0, 7), 60138: (1, 0), 60152: (1, 0), 60166: (1, 0), 60180: (0, 5), 60194: (1, 0), 60208: (2, 0), 60222: (2, 126), 60236: (2, 1), 60250: (2, 125), 60264: (1, 126), 60278: (1, 126), 60292: (1, 127), 60306: (1, 4), 60320: (1, 0), 60334: (1, 1), 60348: (1, 1), 60362: (2, 6), 60376: (2, 2), 60390: (0, 0), 60404: (1, 0), 60418: (1, 6), 60432: (0, 1), 60446: (0, 0), 60460: (1, 0), 60474: (1, 5), 60488: (1, 2), 60502: (1, 0), 60516: (1, 0), 60530: (1, 0), 60544: (2, 2), 60558: (2, 1), 60572: (2, 1), 60586: (2, 1), 60600: (1, 3), 60614: (1, 0), 60628: (1, 0), 60642: (1, 0), 60656: (0, 5), 60670: (0, 1), 60684: (1, 1), 60698: (1, 0), 60712: (0, 6), 60726: (0, 1), 60740: (0, 1), 60754: (1, 2), 60768: (1, 6), 60782: (0, 2), 60796: (1, 2), 60810: (1, 3), 60824: (1, 4), 60838: (0, 1), 60852: (0, 1), 60866: (0, 3), 60880: (1, 4), 60894: (0, 1), 60908: (0, 1), 60922: (0, 1), 60936: (0, 4), 60950: (0, 1), 60964: (1, 2), 60978: (0, 3), 60992: (0, 2), 61006: (0, 0), 61020: (0, 0), 61034: (0, 5), 61048: (0, 1), 61062: (255, 0), 61076: (255, 0), 61090: (0, 6), 61104: (0, 1), 61118: (0, 0), 61132: (255, 0), 61146: (0, 7), 61160: (1, 3), 61174: (255, 1), 61188: (255, 1), 61202: (0, 7), 61216: (1, 2), 61230: (2, 1), 61244: (0, 0), 61258: (1, 6), 61272: (2, 3), 61286: (1, 2), 61300: (0, 1), 61314: (0, 7), 61328: (0, 2), 61342: (0, 2), 61356: (0, 1), 61370: (0, 7), 61384: (1, 1), 61398: (0, 2), 61412: (0, 2), 61426: (0, 7), 61440: (0, 3), 61454: (255, 1), 61468: (0, 1), 61482: (0, 7), 61496: (1, 3), 61510: (0, 1), 61524: (0, 0), 61538: (0, 7), 61552: (1, 3), 61566: (0, 2), 61580: (0, 1), 61594: (0, 8), 61608: (0, 2), 61622: (0, 2), 61636: (0, 2), 61650: (0, 8), 61664: (0, 2), 61678: (0, 1), 61692: (1, 1), 61706: (255, 7), 61720: (255, 1), 61734: (0, 1), 61748: (0, 1), 61762: (0, 7), 61776: (255, 0), 61790: (0, 0), 61804: (1, 127), 61818: (1, 6), 61832: (1, 1), 61846: (1, 1), 61860: (0, 1), 61874: (0, 6), 61888: (2, 2), 61902: (1, 1), 61916: (255, 0), 61930: (255, 6), 61944: (0, 2), 61958: (0, 1), 61972: (0, 0), 61986: (0, 6), 62000: (1, 2), 62014: (0, 1), 62028: (0, 2), 62042: (0, 6), 62056: (255, 1), 62070: (0, 2), 62084: (0, 1), 62098: (0, 6), 62112: (0, 2), 62126: (0, 1), 62140: (0, 2), 62154: (1, 7), 62168: (1, 2), 62182: (0, 1), 62196: (255, 1), 62210: (0, 8), 62224: (1, 1), 62238: (1, 127), 62252: (1, 1), 62266: (1, 7), 62280: (2, 2), 62294: (0, 1), 62308: (0, 1), 62322: (1, 7), 62336: (2, 2), 62350: (2, 126), 62364: (1, 0), 62378: (0, 5), 62392: (0, 0), 62406: (1, 0), 62420: (1, 1), 62434: (1, 7), 62448: (0, 0), 62462: (255, 0), 62476: (0, 0), 62490: (0, 5), 62504: (0, 1), 62518: (0, 0), 62532: (0, 0), 62546: (0, 6), 62560: (255, 0), 62574: (255, 0), 62588: (255, 0), 62602: (0, 5), 62616: (0, 0), 62630: (255, 0), 62644: (254, 127), 62658: (255, 4), 62672: (0, 0), 62686: (0, 0), 62700: (255, 127), 62714: (255, 5), 62728: (254, 127), 62742: (1, 1), 62756: (1, 0), 62770: (1, 5), 62784: (0, 0), 62798: (0, 0), 62812: (1, 2), 62826: (1, 3), 62840: (1, 5), 62854: (1, 1), 62868: (0, 1), 62882: (0, 0), 62896: (0, 5), 62910: (0, 0), 62924: (0, 0), 62938: (1, 1), 62952: (0, 5), 62966: (0, 2), 62980: (0, 1), 62994: (0, 1), 63008: (0, 1), 63022: (1, 5), 63036: (0, 1), 63050: (0, 0), 63064: (0, 0), 63078: (1, 6), 63092: (0, 1), 63106: (0, 1), 63120: (0, 1), 63134: (0, 6), 63148: (0, 2), 63162: (1, 1), 63176: (1, 127), 63190: (1, 1), 63204: (1, 0), 63218: (2, 125), 63232: (1, 127), 63246: (0, 0), 63260: (0, 2), 63274: (1, 127), 63288: (1, 126), 63302: (0, 126), 63316: (0, 3), 63330: (0, 127), 63344: (1, 0), 63358: (1, 0), 63372: (1, 3), 63386: (1, 125), 63400: (2, 124), 63414: (2, 124), 63428: (1, 1), 63442: (0, 125), 63456: (1, 126), 63470: (2, 126), 63484: (1, 4), 63498: (0, 127), 63512: (0, 127), 63526: (0, 0), 63540: (0, 6), 63554: (0, 1), 63568: (1, 1), 63582: (0, 0), 63596: (0, 4), 63610: (0, 3), 63624: (0, 1), 63638: (0, 1), 63652: (0, 2), 63666: (1, 4), 63680: (1, 2), 63694: (1, 1), 63708: (0, 2), 63722: (1, 2), 63736: (2, 0), 63750: (2, 127), 63764: (2, 0), 63778: (2, 127), 63792: (2, 125), 63806: (1, 123), 63820: (2, 127), 63834: (1, 2), 63848: (0, 0), 63862: (0, 127), 63876: (0, 2), 63890: (1, 4), 63904: (0, 1), 63918: (0, 0), 63932: (0, 1), 63946: (1, 4), 63960: (0, 2), 63974: (255, 0), 63988: (255, 2), 64002: (0, 3), 64016: (0, 1), 64030: (0, 0), 64044: (255, 3), 64058: (255, 2), 64072: (255, 1), 64086: (0, 1), 64100: (0, 3), 64114: (0, 2), 64128: (0, 1), 64142: (0, 1), 64156: (0, 1), 64170: (0, 4), 64184: (255, 0), 64198: (255, 0), 64212: (0, 0), 64226: (0, 7), 64240: (0, 1), 64254: (0, 126), 64268: (0, 0), 64282: (1, 2), 64296: (0, 3), 64310: (0, 0), 64324: (255, 1), 64338: (0, 1), 64352: (1, 7), 64366: (1, 2), 64380: (0, 0), 64394: (0, 0), 64408: (0, 5), 64422: (0, 1), 64436: (0, 2), 64450: (255, 0), 64464: (0, 0), 64478: (1, 5), 64492: (0, 2), 64506: (255, 0), 64520: (255, 1), 64534: (0, 8), 64548: (0, 2), 64562: (255, 1), 64576: (255, 1), 64590: (255, 7), 64604: (0, 2), 64618: (1, 1), 64632: (255, 1), 64646: (255, 3), 64660: (1, 5), 64674: (0, 1), 64688: (0, 1), 64702: (1, 1), 64716: (0, 6), 64730: (1, 2), 64744: (1, 3), 64758: (1, 2), 64772: (0, 7), 64786: (0, 3), 64800: (0, 2), 64814: (255, 1), 64828: (0, 6), 64842: (0, 3), 64856: (0, 1), 64870: (0, 1), 64884: (0, 2), 64898: (0, 3), 64912: (255, 0), 64926: (255, 0), 64940: (255, 0), 64954: (0, 4), 64968: (255, 0), 64982: (254, 0), 64996: (254, 0), 65010: (0, 5), 65024: (255, 1), 65038: (255, 0), 65052: (254, 0), 65066: (0, 4), 65080: (255, 1), 65094: (255, 0), 65108: (255, 0), 65122: (0, 4), 65136: (255, 0), 65150: (255, 0), 65164: (255, 0), 65178: (255, 5), 65192: (255, 2), 65206: (255, 1), 65220: (255, 1), 65234: (255, 6), 65248: (255, 2), 65262: (255, 1), 65276: (0, 1), 65290: (0, 6), 65304: (0, 3), 65318: (255, 2), 65332: (255, 1), 65346: (0, 4), 65360: (0, 4), 65374: (0, 2), 65388: (254, 1), 65402: (255, 1), 65416: (0, 6), 65430: (255, 1), 65444: (255, 2), 65458: (0, 1), 65472: (0, 6), 65486: (0, 1), 65500: (0, 2), 65514: (0, 2), 65528: (1, 8), 65542: (2, 3), 65556: (2, 2), 65570: (0, 1), 65584: (255, 7), 65598: (0, 2), 65612: (1, 2), 65626: (0, 1), 65640: (0, 7), 65654: (255, 1), 65668: (255, 0), 65682: (0, 0), 65696: (1, 5), 65710: (1, 1), 65724: (0, 0), 65738: (0, 1), 65752: (1, 5), 65766: (1, 127), 65780: (1, 127), 65794: (1, 0), 65808: (2, 3), 65822: (1, 2), 65836: (255, 0), 65850: (0, 3), 65864: (0, 4), 65878: (1, 1), 65892: (1, 1), 65906: (0, 4), 65920: (0, 3), 65934: (0, 1), 65948: (0, 1), 65962: (1, 5), 65976: (0, 4), 65990: (0, 0), 66004: (0, 127), 66018: (0, 4), 66032: (1, 0), 66046: (1, 127), 66060: (1, 126), 66074: (0, 2), 66088: (0, 3), 66102: (0, 1), 66116: (0, 0), 66130: (1, 3), 66144: (1, 3), 66158: (0, 0), 66172: (255, 0), 66186: (255, 3), 66200: (0, 2), 66214: (1, 1), 66228: (0, 0), 66242: (255, 2), 66256: (255, 2), 66270: (255, 0), 66284: (0, 0), 66298: (0, 1), 66312: (0, 7), 66326: (255, 1), 66340: (255, 0), 66354: (0, 0), 66368: (0, 4), 66382: (255, 1), 66396: (0, 0), 66410: (0, 1), 66424: (0, 0), 66438: (255, 5), 66452: (0, 1), 66466: (1, 1), 66480: (1, 1), 66494: (1, 1), 66508: (1, 4), 66522: (1, 2), 66536: (1, 2), 66550: (1, 1), 66564: (1, 7), 66578: (0, 2), 66592: (0, 1), 66606: (1, 1), 66620: (1, 4), 66634: (1, 3), 66648: (0, 2), 66662: (0, 1), 66676: (1, 1), 66690: (2, 7), 66704: (1, 1), 66718: (1, 1), 66732: (1, 1), 66746: (1, 7), 66760: (1, 2), 66774: (0, 1), 66788: (0, 0), 66802: (1, 5), 66816: (2, 3), 66830: (2, 1), 66844: (1, 0), 66858: (1, 2), 66872: (2, 1), 66886: (3, 1), 66900: (1, 0), 66914: (0, 0), 66928: (0, 2), 66942: (1, 0), 66956: (1, 0), 66970: (0, 127), 66984: (0, 5), 66998: (0, 1), 67012: (1, 1), 67026: (0, 0), 67040: (0, 6), 67054: (1, 127), 67068: (1, 126), 67082: (1, 125), 67096: (0, 2), 67110: (0, 1), 67124: (0, 0), 67138: (1, 127), 67152: (0, 4), 67166: (0, 1), 67180: (0, 127), 67194: (0, 127), 67208: (1, 3), 67222: (1, 2), 67236: (0, 0), 67250: (255, 127), 67264: (0, 3), 67278: (0, 1), 67292: (0, 0), 67306: (0, 127), 67320: (0, 2), 67334: (0, 1), 67348: (255, 127), 67362: (255, 127), 67376: (0, 3), 67390: (1, 1), 67404: (0, 0), 67418: (0, 0), 67432: (0, 0), 67446: (0, 7), 67460: (0, 1), 67474: (0, 1), 67488: (0, 1), 67502: (0, 2), 67516: (0, 3), 67530: (0, 1), 67544: (0, 0), 67558: (0, 127), 67572: (0, 6), 67586: (0, 0), 67600: (0, 127), 67614: (0, 126), 67628: (0, 2), 67642: (1, 127), 67656: (1, 127), 67670: (1, 127), 67684: (1, 127), 67698: (1, 3), 67712: (0, 127), 67726: (0, 127), 67740: (1, 127), 67754: (0, 4), 67768: (0, 1), 67782: (0, 0), 67796: (1, 0), 67810: (1, 127), 67824: (2, 4), 67838: (0, 0), 67852: (0, 127), 67866: (1, 127), 67880: (0, 5), 67894: (1, 127), 67908: (0, 126), 67922: (0, 125), 67936: (0, 126), 67950: (1, 4), 67964: (0, 0), 67978: (0, 0), 67992: (1, 127), 68006: (0, 5), 68020: (1, 1), 68034: (1, 0), 68048: (1, 127), 68062: (1, 3), 68076: (2, 2), 68090: (1, 0), 68104: (0, 1), 68118: (0, 3), 68132: (1, 3), 68146: (1, 2), 68160: (1, 0), 68174: (0, 0), 68188: (0, 5), 68202: (1, 1), 68216: (1, 0), 68230: (0, 0), 68244: (0, 6), 68258: (0, 1), 68272: (1, 1), 68286: (1, 0), 68300: (0, 4), 68314: (1, 3), 68328: (1, 1), 68342: (1, 0), 68356: (1, 1), 68370: (0, 4), 68384: (0, 0), 68398: (1, 127), 68412: (1, 0), 68426: (0, 6), 68440: (255, 0), 68454: (0, 0), 68468: (1, 0), 68482: (0, 6), 68496: (0, 2), 68510: (0, 1), 68524: (0, 1), 68538: (0, 5), 68552: (1, 3), 68566: (0, 0), 68580: (0, 0), 68594: (0, 2), 68608: (1, 5), 68622: (0, 1), 68636: (0, 1), 68650: (0, 0), 68664: (0, 7), 68678: (0, 2), 68692: (0, 0), 68706: (0, 0), 68720: (0, 7), 68734: (1, 1), 68748: (1, 1), 68762: (0, 0), 68776: (255, 5), 68790: (255, 1), 68804: (1, 1), 68818: (2, 1), 68832: (1, 5), 68846: (1, 3), 68860: (2, 2), 68874: (2, 2), 68888: (2, 6), 68902: (2, 3), 68916: (2, 1), 68930: (2, 1), 68944: (4, 3), 68958: (2, 4), 68972: (2, 1), 68986: (2, 1), 69000: (2, 1), 69014: (2, 6), 69028: (1, 1), 69042: (1, 1), 69056: (1, 0), 69070: (2, 7), 69084: (2, 1), 69098: (1, 1), 69112: (1, 1), 69126: (1, 6), 69140: (2, 1), 69154: (2, 0), 69168: (2, 1), 69182: (2, 5), 69196: (2, 2), 69210: (2, 1), 69224: (1, 0), 69238: (1, 2), 69252: (1, 4), 69266: (1, 0), 69280: (0, 1), 69294: (255, 1), 69308: (0, 4), 69322: (0, 2), 69336: (1, 2), 69350: (1, 0), 69364: (0, 1), 69378: (0, 3), 69392: (0, 0), 69406: (0, 0), 69420: (0, 0), 69434: (0, 6), 69448: (255, 0), 69462: (255, 0), 69476: (0, 0), 69490: (0, 6), 69504: (255, 0), 69518: (255, 0), 69532: (255, 127), 69546: (255, 6), 69560: (255, 0), 69574: (254, 0), 69588: (0, 0), 69602: (0, 6), 69616: (0, 1), 69630: (254, 0), 69644: (254, 127), 69658: (255, 4), 69672: (0, 2), 69686: (0, 0), 69700: (255, 0), 69714: (254, 127), 69728: (255, 4), 69742: (0, 1), 69756: (0, 0), 69770: (255, 0), 69784: (254, 127), 69798: (255, 5), 69812: (0, 2), 69826: (0, 1), 69840: (255, 0), 69854: (0, 1), 69868: (0, 4), 69882: (0, 2), 69896: (0, 1), 69910: (0, 1), 69924: (0, 0), 69938: (0, 5), 69952: (0, 2), 69966: (255, 0), 69980: (255, 0), 69994: (0, 1), 70008: (0, 7), 70022: (0, 1), 70036: (0, 1), 70050: (255, 0), 70064: (0, 1), 70078: (0, 4), 70092: (0, 1), 70106: (0, 0), 70120: (0, 0), 70134: (0, 1), 70148: (0, 6), 70162: (0, 2), 70176: (0, 2), 70190: (1, 1), 70204: (0, 6), 70218: (255, 2), 70232: (255, 1), 70246: (0, 2), 70260: (0, 6), 70274: (0, 3), 70288: (255, 1), 70302: (255, 1), 70316: (255, 5), 70330: (0, 3), 70344: (1, 2), 70358: (0, 2), 70372: (255, 5), 70386: (0, 3), 70400: (0, 2), 70414: (1, 2), 70428: (0, 5), 70442: (0, 2), 70456: (0, 2), 70470: (0, 2), 70484: (0, 7), 70498: (255, 2), 70512: (0, 1), 70526: (255, 0), 70540: (0, 7), 70554: (255, 1), 70568: (255, 0), 70582: (255, 0), 70596: (0, 5), 70610: (0, 1), 70624: (255, 0), 70638: (255, 4), 70652: (255, 2), 70666: (0, 0), 70680: (0, 0), 70694: (255, 6), 70708: (255, 1), 70722: (0, 1), 70736: (0, 1), 70750: (0, 7), 70764: (1, 0), 70778: (1, 1), 70792: (0, 0), 70806: (1, 8), 70820: (2, 4), 70834: (1, 2), 70848: (1, 2), 70862: (1, 6), 70876: (0, 1), 70890: (0, 1), 70904: (0, 1), 70918: (0, 7), 70932: (0, 2), 70946: (0, 1), 70960: (255, 1), 70974: (255, 6), 70988: (0, 2), 71002: (0, 2), 71016: (0, 2), 71030: (255, 7), 71044: (255, 3), 71058: (0, 2), 71072: (0, 2), 71086: (0, 6), 71100: (0, 3), 71114: (0, 1), 71128: (0, 1), 71142: (0, 5), 71156: (0, 2), 71170: (0, 1), 71184: (0, 0), 71198: (0, 2), 71212: (1, 4), 71226: (0, 0), 71240: (0, 126), 71254: (0, 127), 71268: (1, 0), 71282: (1, 126), 71296: (0, 127), 71310: (255, 127), 71324: (0, 6), 71338: (1, 0), 71352: (1, 0), 71366: (0, 127), 71380: (0, 6), 71394: (1, 0), 71408: (1, 0), 71422: (0, 0), 71436: (0, 6), 71450: (1, 1), 71464: (1, 0), 71478: (1, 0), 71492: (0, 5), 71506: (0, 1), 71520: (1, 0), 71534: (1, 0), 71548: (1, 3), 71562: (0, 2), 71576: (0, 0), 71590: (0, 0), 71604: (1, 3), 71618: (1, 2), 71632: (0, 0), 71646: (0, 127), 71660: (0, 2), 71674: (1, 3), 71688: (0, 1), 71702: (0, 0), 71716: (0, 2), 71730: (1, 5), 71744: (1, 1), 71758: (1, 0), 71772: (0, 0), 71786: (1, 5), 71800: (0, 0), 71814: (1, 0), 71828: (1, 0), 71842: (1, 6), 71856: (1, 1), 71870: (1, 127), 71884: (1, 127), 71898: (0, 6), 71912: (0, 0), 71926: (0, 0), 71940: (1, 127), 71954: (0, 5), 71968: (255, 1), 71982: (255, 127), 71996: (0, 127), 72010: (0, 5), 72024: (255, 0), 72038: (255, 127), 72052: (255, 0), 72066: (0, 5), 72080: (0, 3), 72094: (255, 1), 72108: (0, 1), 72122: (0, 2), 72136: (0, 5), 72150: (0, 1), 72164: (255, 1), 72178: (255, 0), 72192: (0, 7), 72206: (0, 2), 72220: (255, 1), 72234: (255, 0), 72248: (255, 5), 72262: (0, 2), 72276: (0, 1), 72290: (0, 0), 72304: (0, 126), 72318: (0, 5), 72332: (0, 0), 72346: (0, 0), 72360: (0, 0), 72374: (0, 6), 72388: (0, 3), 72402: (0, 0), 72416: (255, 0), 72430: (255, 4), 72444: (0, 4), 72458: (0, 2), 72472: (0, 1), 72486: (255, 1), 72500: (255, 7), 72514: (255, 1), 72528: (0, 0), 72542: (0, 0), 72556: (0, 7), 72570: (0, 2), 72584: (0, 2), 72598: (0, 1), 72612: (0, 5), 72626: (0, 3), 72640: (255, 1), 72654: (255, 1), 72668: (255, 1), 72682: (0, 4), 72696: (255, 0), 72710: (255, 127), 72724: (255, 0), 72738: (255, 5), 72752: (255, 0), 72766: (255, 0), 72780: (255, 0), 72794: (0, 7), 72808: (0, 1), 72822: (255, 0), 72836: (254, 127), 72850: (255, 6), 72864: (255, 1), 72878: (0, 0), 72892: (255, 0), 72906: (255, 2), 72920: (255, 2), 72934: (255, 127), 72948: (0, 0), 72962: (255, 127), 72976: (255, 5), 72990: (255, 1), 73004: (255, 1), 73018: (255, 0), 73032: (255, 0), 73046: (0, 6), 73060: (0, 2), 73074: (0, 1), 73088: (255, 0), 73102: (255, 1), 73116: (255, 5), 73130: (0, 2), 73144: (0, 2), 73158: (255, 2), 73172: (255, 4), 73186: (255, 2), 73200: (0, 2), 73214: (0, 2), 73228: (0, 1), 73242: (255, 7), 73256: (255, 2), 73270: (0, 2), 73284: (0, 2), 73298: (0, 1), 73312: (0, 7), 73326: (0, 2), 73340: (0, 2), 73354: (255, 1), 73368: (0, 5), 73382: (0, 3), 73396: (0, 1), 73410: (0, 127), 73424: (255, 127), 73438: (255, 6), 73452: (0, 1), 73466: (0, 1), 73480: (0, 2), 73494: (0, 6), 73508: (255, 3), 73522: (255, 1), 73536: (0, 1), 73550: (0, 6), 73564: (0, 3), 73578: (0, 2), 73592: (255, 1), 73606: (255, 5), 73620: (0, 3), 73634: (0, 2), 73648: (0, 2), 73662: (0, 3), 73676: (0, 4), 73690: (255, 1), 73704: (255, 0), 73718: (0, 1), 73732: (0, 4), 73746: (255, 0), 73760: (255, 0), 73774: (255, 0), 73788: (0, 5), 73802: (0, 1), 73816: (0, 0), 73830: (255, 0), 73844: (255, 5), 73858: (255, 0), 73872: (0, 0), 73886: (255, 1), 73900: (255, 4), 73914: (255, 1), 73928: (255, 0), 73942: (0, 3), 73956: (0, 3), 73970: (255, 1), 73984: (255, 0), 73998: (255, 1), 74012: (255, 3), 74026: (255, 0), 74040: (254, 0), 74054: (255, 0), 74068: (0, 6), 74082: (0, 2), 74096: (255, 1), 74110: (255, 1), 74124: (255, 6), 74138: (0, 1), 74152: (0, 1), 74166: (255, 0), 74180: (255, 4), 74194: (0, 4), 74208: (0, 2), 74222: (255, 1), 74236: (255, 1), 74250: (255, 7), 74264: (1, 3), 74278: (0, 3), 74292: (255, 1), 74306: (0, 5), 74320: (0, 4), 74334: (0, 2), 74348: (255, 2), 74362: (255, 2), 74376: (0, 6), 74390: (0, 2), 74404: (0, 2), 74418: (0, 2), 74432: (255, 7), 74446: (255, 2), 74460: (0, 2), 74474: (0, 2), 74488: (0, 5), 74502: (1, 5), 74516: (1, 1), 74530: (1, 2), 74544: (1, 3), 74558: (1, 5), 74572: (1, 2), 74586: (1, 2), 74600: (1, 2), 74614: (1, 6), 74628: (0, 2), 74642: (1, 2), 74656: (2, 2), 74670: (2, 6), 74684: (0, 1), 74698: (0, 0), 74712: (1, 1), 74726: (2, 7), 74740: (1, 2), 74754: (1, 1), 74768: (1, 0), 74782: (1, 4), 74796: (1, 0), 74810: (2, 1), 74824: (1, 1), 74838: (1, 4), 74852: (1, 1), 74866: (1, 0), 74880: (0, 0), 74894: (0, 3), 74908: (0, 0), 74922: (0, 0), 74936: (0, 3), 74950: (0, 2), 74964: (0, 0), 74978: (0, 0), 74992: (0, 4), 75006: (1, 2), 75020: (0, 2), 75034: (255, 0), 75048: (0, 4), 75062: (1, 2), 75076: (0, 1), 75090: (0, 1), 75104: (255, 2), 75118: (0, 4), 75132: (0, 1), 75146: (0, 2), 75160: (255, 3), 75174: (0, 3), 75188: (0, 2), 75202: (0, 1), 75216: (0, 4), 75230: (1, 4), 75244: (0, 2), 75258: (0, 2), 75272: (0, 4), 75286: (0, 4), 75300: (255, 1), 75314: (0, 0), 75328: (0, 2), 75342: (0, 3), 75356: (255, 0), 75370: (255, 0), 75384: (255, 2), 75398: (0, 4), 75412: (0, 1), 75426: (255, 0), 75440: (255, 0), 75454: (0, 3), 75468: (0, 1), 75482: (255, 0), 75496: (255, 2), 75510: (0, 4), 75524: (0, 2), 75538: (0, 1), 75552: (1, 1), 75566: (1, 7), 75580: (1, 3), 75594: (1, 1), 75608: (1, 1), 75622: (0, 6), 75636: (1, 0), 75650: (1, 0), 75664: (1, 1), 75678: (0, 5), 75692: (0, 2), 75706: (255, 1), 75720: (0, 2), 75734: (1, 1), 75748: (1, 5), 75762: (0, 0), 75776: (0, 0), 75790: (1, 0), 75804: (0, 7), 75818: (0, 2), 75832: (0, 1), 75846: (0, 1), 75860: (255, 5), 75874: (255, 3), 75888: (0, 2), 75902: (0, 1), 75916: (255, 5), 75930: (0, 4), 75944: (255, 1), 75958: (255, 1), 75972: (0, 4), 75986: (1, 5), 76000: (2, 1), 76014: (0, 0), 76028: (255, 0), 76042: (0, 2), 76056: (1, 127), 76070: (1, 127), 76084: (1, 127), 76098: (0, 4), 76112: (0, 0), 76126: (1, 0), 76140: (0, 0), 76154: (0, 5), 76168: (0, 1), 76182: (0, 1), 76196: (0, 1), 76210: (0, 6), 76224: (0, 0), 76238: (0, 0), 76252: (1, 1), 76266: (1, 7), 76280: (1, 1), 76294: (0, 1), 76308: (0, 1), 76322: (2, 7), 76336: (2, 1), 76350: (2, 2), 76364: (1, 1), 76378: (1, 7), 76392: (1, 2), 76406: (1, 1), 76420: (1, 2), 76434: (0, 3), 76448: (0, 1), 76462: (0, 0), 76476: (1, 5), 76490: (1, 2), 76504: (0, 0), 76518: (0, 0), 76532: (0, 5), 76546: (255, 1), 76560: (255, 0), 76574: (255, 0), 76588: (0, 7), 76602: (1, 1), 76616: (255, 0), 76630: (255, 0), 76644: (255, 4), 76658: (0, 0), 76672: (0, 0), 76686: (0, 3), 76700: (255, 2), 76714: (255, 0), 76728: (255, 127), 76742: (0, 4), 76756: (0, 1), 76770: (255, 0), 76784: (0, 1), 76798: (0, 5), 76812: (0, 2), 76826: (255, 2), 76840: (0, 1), 76854: (1, 3), 76868: (0, 4), 76882: (0, 2), 76896: (255, 0), 76910: (255, 1), 76924: (1, 7), 76938: (1, 3), 76952: (0, 1), 76966: (255, 0), 76980: (255, 8), 76994: (0, 1), 77008: (1, 3), 77022: (0, 1), 77036: (255, 5), 77050: (0, 3), 77064: (0, 2), 77078: (0, 1), 77092: (0, 4), 77106: (0, 3), 77120: (0, 2), 77134: (0, 1), 77148: (255, 2), 77162: (0, 4), 77176: (0, 2), 77190: (0, 1), 77204: (0, 2), 77218: (255, 6), 77232: (255, 2), 77246: (255, 1), 77260: (0, 2), 77274: (1, 6), 77288: (0, 2), 77302: (255, 0), 77316: (0, 2), 77330: (2, 2), 77344: (1, 127), 77358: (1, 126), 77372: (1, 127), 77386: (2, 125), 77400: (1, 123), 77414: (1, 123), 77428: (1, 1), 77442: (1, 0), 77456: (1, 127), 77470: (0, 127), 77484: (0, 6), 77498: (1, 0), 77512: (1, 0), 77526: (2, 0), 77540: (2, 7), 77554: (1, 1), 77568: (1, 0), 77582: (1, 0), 77596: (1, 6), 77610: (1, 1), 77624: (0, 0), 77638: (0, 1), 77652: (0, 3), 77666: (1, 0), 77680: (1, 127), 77694: (0, 4), 77708: (0, 0), 77722: (1, 127), 77736: (1, 126), 77750: (1, 4), 77764: (0, 0), 77778: (1, 127), 77792: (1, 127), 77806: (1, 5), 77820: (0, 127), 77834: (0, 127), 77848: (1, 1), 77862: (1, 4), 77876: (1, 0), 77890: (0, 0), 77904: (0, 5), 77918: (1, 2), 77932: (1, 1), 77946: (0, 0), 77960: (0, 6), 77974: (0, 2), 77988: (0, 1), 78002: (0, 0), 78016: (0, 7), 78030: (0, 1), 78044: (0, 1), 78058: (0, 0), 78072: (1, 7), 78086: (1, 0), 78100: (0, 0), 78114: (1, 1), 78128: (1, 8), 78142: (0, 1), 78156: (0, 1), 78170: (0, 1), 78184: (1, 6), 78198: (1, 2), 78212: (0, 1), 78226: (0, 4), 78240: (0, 4), 78254: (0, 1), 78268: (0, 0), 78282: (0, 5), 78296: (0, 3), 78310: (255, 0), 78324: (255, 1), 78338: (0, 5), 78352: (0, 1), 78366: (0, 0), 78380: (0, 0), 78394: (255, 6), 78408: (255, 0), 78422: (255, 127), 78436: (255, 127), 78450: (0, 6), 78464: (255, 0), 78478: (255, 127), 78492: (255, 0), 78506: (1, 3), 78520: (1, 0), 78534: (0, 127), 78548: (0, 3), 78562: (1, 4), 78576: (0, 1), 78590: (0, 0), 78604: (0, 5), 78618: (0, 2), 78632: (0, 1), 78646: (0, 0), 78660: (0, 6), 78674: (0, 2), 78688: (0, 1), 78702: (255, 0), 78716: (0, 6), 78730: (1, 2), 78744: (0, 2), 78758: (255, 0), 78772: (255, 7), 78786: (1, 2), 78800: (0, 1), 78814: (255, 0), 78828: (255, 7), 78842: (0, 2), 78856: (0, 2), 78870: (0, 1), 78884: (0, 6), 78898: (255, 1), 78912: (255, 0), 78926: (0, 0), 78940: (0, 7), 78954: (255, 1), 78968: (255, 0), 78982: (0, 0), 78996: (0, 7), 79010: (0, 0), 79024: (255, 0), 79038: (255, 127), 79052: (0, 6), 79066: (1, 1), 79080: (1, 1), 79094: (0, 127), 79108: (1, 6), 79122: (1, 2), 79136: (1, 2), 79150: (1, 0), 79164: (0, 8), 79178: (0, 0), 79192: (0, 1), 79206: (1, 1), 79220: (0, 7), 79234: (255, 1), 79248: (1, 2), 79262: (1, 1), 79276: (1, 8), 79290: (1, 1), 79304: (1, 127), 79318: (1, 0), 79332: (1, 6), 79346: (2, 2), 79360: (2, 1), 79374: (1, 1), 79388: (1, 6), 79402: (0, 2), 79416: (0, 1), 79430: (0, 0), 79444: (0, 6), 79458: (0, 2), 79472: (1, 1), 79486: (0, 1), 79500: (255, 7), 79514: (0, 1), 79528: (0, 0), 79542: (1, 0), 79556: (0, 6), 79570: (0, 0), 79584: (0, 0), 79598: (0, 127), 79612: (1, 5), 79626: (0, 0), 79640: (0, 127), 79654: (0, 1), 79668: (1, 2), 79682: (0, 127), 79696: (0, 127), 79710: (0, 3), 79724: (1, 1), 79738: (0, 0), 79752: (0, 0), 79766: (255, 4), 79780: (1, 2), 79794: (1, 1), 79808: (1, 1), 79822: (0, 6), 79836: (0, 1), 79850: (0, 1), 79864: (0, 0), 79878: (1, 6), 79892: (0, 0), 79906: (255, 127), 79920: (0, 0), 79934: (0, 7), 79948: (0, 1), 79962: (0, 0), 79976: (0, 127), 79990: (0, 5), 80004: (0, 0), 80018: (255, 127), 80032: (255, 126), 80046: (0, 127), 80060: (0, 6), 80074: (0, 0), 80088: (255, 127), 80102: (255, 127), 80116: (0, 0), 80130: (0, 5), 80144: (0, 1), 80158: (255, 0), 80172: (255, 0), 80186: (0, 0), 80200: (0, 5), 80214: (1, 2), 80228: (1, 1), 80242: (0, 0), 80256: (0, 1), 80270: (0, 7), 80284: (0, 2), 80298: (0, 1), 80312: (1, 1), 80326: (1, 4), 80340: (1, 1), 80354: (0, 127), 80368: (1, 127), 80382: (2, 1), 80396: (1, 6), 80410: (1, 0), 80424: (0, 0), 80438: (0, 0), 80452: (0, 3), 80466: (1, 2), 80480: (1, 2), 80494: (0, 0), 80508: (0, 0), 80522: (1, 6), 80536: (1, 2), 80550: (2, 2), 80564: (2, 2), 80578: (2, 4), 80592: (2, 1), 80606: (2, 127), 80620: (1, 126), 80634: (1, 127), 80648: (3, 4), 80662: (2, 127), 80676: (0, 127), 80690: (0, 0), 80704: (0, 6), 80718: (1, 1), 80732: (1, 0), 80746: (0, 127), 80760: (0, 5), 80774: (0, 0), 80788: (1, 127), 80802: (1, 127), 80816: (0, 4), 80830: (0, 127), 80844: (255, 126), 80858: (0, 126), 80872: (0, 4), 80886: (0, 127), 80900: (255, 126), 80914: (255, 126), 80928: (0, 6), 80942: (0, 0), 80956: (0, 127), 80970: (0, 127), 80984: (0, 5), 80998: (0, 0), 81012: (255, 127), 81026: (255, 127), 81040: (0, 5), 81054: (1, 1), 81068: (0, 0), 81082: (255, 127), 81096: (0, 3), 81110: (0, 3), 81124: (0, 0), 81138: (0, 127), 81152: (0, 0), 81166: (0, 6), 81180: (0, 0), 81194: (0, 0), 81208: (0, 0), 81222: (0, 3), 81236: (0, 2), 81250: (2, 2), 81264: (2, 0), 81278: (1, 127), 81292: (1, 5), 81306: (2, 1), 81320: (2, 1), 81334: (1, 1), 81348: (0, 6), 81362: (0, 2), 81376: (0, 1), 81390: (1, 1), 81404: (1, 2), 81418: (0, 3), 81432: (0, 1), 81446: (0, 1), 81460: (1, 0), 81474: (1, 6), 81488: (1, 1), 81502: (0, 127), 81516: (1, 126), 81530: (2, 3), 81544: (1, 1), 81558: (1, 0), 81572: (0, 127), 81586: (0, 1), 81600: (1, 2), 81614: (0, 127), 81628: (0, 127), 81642: (0, 127), 81656: (1, 4), 81670: (1, 0), 81684: (0, 0), 81698: (255, 127), 81712: (0, 5), 81726: (1, 0), 81740: (0, 0), 81754: (255, 127), 81768: (255, 4), 81782: (0, 0), 81796: (0, 0), 81810: (1, 0), 81824: (1, 3), 81838: (1, 2), 81852: (1, 2), 81866: (0, 0), 81880: (0, 0), 81894: (0, 5), 81908: (0, 1), 81922: (0, 0), 81936: (0, 2), 81950: (0, 6), 81964: (0, 1), 81978: (0, 2), 81992: (1, 2), 82006: (1, 2), 82020: (0, 4), 82034: (0, 1), 82048: (0, 2), 82062: (0, 1), 82076: (1, 7), 82090: (0, 1), 82104: (255, 1), 82118: (255, 0), 82132: (0, 6), 82146: (0, 1), 82160: (0, 1), 82174: (0, 1), 82188: (0, 1), 82202: (1, 3), 82216: (0, 2), 82230: (255, 0), 82244: (0, 1), 82258: (1, 7), 82272: (0, 1), 82286: (255, 0), 82300: (0, 0), 82314: (0, 6), 82328: (0, 1), 82342: (0, 0), 82356: (1, 1), 82370: (0, 5), 82384: (1, 2), 82398: (2, 0), 82412: (2, 0), 82426: (1, 3), 82440: (1, 2), 82454: (3, 0), 82468: (2, 1), 82482: (1, 4), 82496: (1, 2), 82510: (2, 0), 82524: (2, 1), 82538: (1, 2), 82552: (0, 3), 82566: (0, 1), 82580: (0, 1), 82594: (0, 4), 82608: (1, 3), 82622: (1, 2), 82636: (0, 1), 82650: (0, 5), 82664: (1, 3), 82678: (0, 1), 82692: (0, 1), 82706: (0, 6), 82720: (1, 2), 82734: (1, 1), 82748: (0, 0), 82762: (0, 5), 82776: (0, 1), 82790: (1, 1), 82804: (0, 0), 82818: (0, 6), 82832: (0, 0), 82846: (0, 0), 82860: (0, 0), 82874: (0, 6), 82888: (255, 0), 82902: (0, 0), 82916: (0, 0), 82930: (0, 5), 82944: (0, 0), 82958: (1, 0), 82972: (0, 0), 82986: (1, 6), 83000: (0, 0), 83014: (0, 0), 83028: (0, 0), 83042: (0, 5), 83056: (1, 1), 83070: (1, 0), 83084: (0, 1), 83098: (0, 6), 83112: (0, 1), 83126: (0, 1), 83140: (0, 1), 83154: (0, 7), 83168: (0, 2), 83182: (0, 1), 83196: (0, 2), 83210: (1, 7), 83224: (1, 2), 83238: (2, 2), 83252: (2, 1), 83266: (2, 5), 83280: (2, 4), 83294: (0, 2), 83308: (1, 2), 83322: (1, 3), 83336: (1, 4), 83350: (1, 1), 83364: (0, 0), 83378: (0, 1), 83392: (0, 6), 83406: (1, 2), 83420: (1, 1), 83434: (0, 0), 83448: (1, 6), 83462: (0, 1), 83476: (0, 1), 83490: (0, 0), 83504: (0, 5), 83518: (1, 1), 83532: (0, 0), 83546: (255, 127), 83560: (255, 3), 83574: (0, 126), 83588: (0, 125), 83602: (0, 126), 83616: (255, 5), 83630: (255, 0), 83644: (0, 0), 83658: (0, 127), 83672: (0, 6), 83686: (0, 0), 83700: (255, 127), 83714: (255, 127), 83728: (0, 5), 83742: (255, 0), 83756: (0, 127), 83770: (0, 127), 83784: (0, 2), 83798: (0, 2), 83812: (255, 0), 83826: (255, 127), 83840: (0, 0), 83854: (1, 4), 83868: (1, 2), 83882: (1, 127), 83896: (1, 0), 83910: (2, 1), 83924: (2, 5), 83938: (2, 3), 83952: (2, 3), 83966: (1, 1), 83980: (1, 1), 83994: (0, 7), 84008: (0, 1), 84022: (1, 2), 84036: (0, 1), 84050: (0, 1), 84064: (0, 7), 84078: (0, 1), 84092: (0, 2), 84106: (1, 1), 84120: (1, 4), 84134: (1, 3), 84148: (0, 2), 84162: (0, 1), 84176: (1, 1), 84190: (1, 7), 84204: (1, 2), 84218: (0, 0), 84232: (0, 0), 84246: (0, 5), 84260: (1, 2), 84274: (1, 2), 84288: (0, 1), 84302: (0, 1), 84316: (0, 6), 84330: (1, 1), 84344: (1, 0), 84358: (1, 1), 84372: (1, 7), 84386: (2, 1), 84400: (2, 2), 84414: (1, 2), 84428: (1, 5), 84442: (2, 3), 84456: (3, 2), 84470: (2, 2), 84484: (0, 1), 84498: (0, 3), 84512: (1, 2), 84526: (1, 1), 84540: (1, 1), 84554: (0, 5), 84568: (0, 1), 84582: (1, 1), 84596: (2, 1), 84610: (1, 7), 84624: (0, 1), 84638: (0, 1), 84652: (1, 1), 84666: (1, 6), 84680: (1, 2), 84694: (1, 1), 84708: (1, 0), 84722: (1, 6), 84736: (1, 1), 84750: (1, 1), 84764: (1, 0), 84778: (1, 6), 84792: (1, 0), 84806: (0, 126), 84820: (255, 127), 84834: (0, 3), 84848: (1, 2), 84862: (2, 2), 84876: (2, 0), 84890: (1, 0), 84904: (2, 2), 84918: (2, 0), 84932: (3, 1), 84946: (2, 1), 84960: (2, 4), 84974: (2, 0), 84988: (1, 0), 85002: (1, 0), 85016: (1, 5), 85030: (1, 1), 85044: (1, 1), 85058: (0, 1), 85072: (0, 5), 85086: (0, 1), 85100: (1, 1), 85114: (1, 1), 85128: (1, 5), 85142: (0, 1), 85156: (0, 0), 85170: (0, 0), 85184: (1, 5), 85198: (2, 1), 85212: (1, 0), 85226: (0, 0), 85240: (1, 7), 85254: (1, 1), 85268: (1, 127), 85282: (1, 127), 85296: (0, 6), 85310: (1, 2), 85324: (1, 1), 85338: (0, 1), 85352: (0, 5), 85366: (1, 2), 85380: (2, 2), 85394: (0, 1), 85408: (0, 4), 85422: (0, 2), 85436: (0, 2), 85450: (1, 1), 85464: (1, 4), 85478: (1, 5), 85492: (0, 1), 85506: (0, 2), 85520: (1, 2), 85534: (1, 5), 85548: (1, 2), 85562: (0, 1), 85576: (0, 1), 85590: (1, 6), 85604: (2, 1), 85618: (1, 127), 85632: (0, 125), 85646: (0, 3), 85660: (0, 1), 85674: (0, 0), 85688: (1, 1), 85702: (1, 127), 85716: (2, 3), 85730: (2, 127), 85744: (1, 1), 85758: (1, 2), 85772: (1, 7), 85786: (2, 1), 85800: (1, 1), 85814: (0, 0), 85828: (0, 6), 85842: (1, 2), 85856: (1, 1), 85870: (0, 1), 85884: (0, 5), 85898: (1, 3), 85912: (1, 1), 85926: (1, 2), 85940: (1, 5), 85954: (0, 3), 85968: (0, 1), 85982: (0, 1), 85996: (1, 4), 86010: (1, 4), 86024: (0, 2), 86038: (0, 1), 86052: (0, 2), 86066: (1, 6), 86080: (0, 2), 86094: (0, 1), 86108: (1, 2), 86122: (1, 8), 86136: (0, 2), 86150: (0, 1), 86164: (0, 1), 86178: (1, 7), 86192: (1, 2), 86206: (0, 2), 86220: (0, 1), 86234: (0, 7), 86248: (1, 3), 86262: (1, 2), 86276: (1, 2), 86290: (0, 4), 86304: (0, 3), 86318: (0, 2), 86332: (1, 1), 86346: (0, 1), 86360: (0, 3), 86374: (0, 1), 86388: (0, 0), 86402: (0, 127), 86416: (1, 4), 86430: (0, 0), 86444: (1, 1), 86458: (0, 0), 86472: (0, 5), 86486: (255, 0), 86500: (0, 0), 86514: (1, 0), 86528: (2, 7), 86542: (1, 2), 86556: (0, 1), 86570: (0, 1), 86584: (1, 8), 86598: (2, 2), 86612: (2, 1), 86626: (2, 1), 86640: (2, 7), 86654: (3, 3), 86668: (2, 0), 86682: (2, 127), 86696: (1, 5), 86710: (2, 1), 86724: (1, 1), 86738: (0, 1), 86752: (255, 5), 86766: (0, 2), 86780: (1, 2), 86794: (1, 1), 86808: (0, 3), 86822: (0, 4), 86836: (0, 1), 86850: (1, 1), 86864: (0, 0), 86878: (1, 6), 86892: (2, 3), 86906: (2, 2), 86920: (1, 1), 86934: (1, 6), 86948: (2, 2), 86962: (2, 3), 86976: (2, 2), 86990: (1, 6), 87004: (1, 1), 87018: (1, 0), 87032: (0, 0), 87046: (1, 3), 87060: (2, 3), 87074: (1, 1), 87088: (0, 1), 87102: (0, 3), 87116: (1, 4), 87130: (1, 2), 87144: (0, 1), 87158: (0, 2), 87172: (1, 4), 87186: (0, 1), 87200: (0, 0), 87214: (0, 2), 87228: (1, 3), 87242: (1, 2), 87256: (1, 1), 87270: (0, 1), 87284: (0, 4), 87298: (0, 0), 87312: (1, 0), 87326: (1, 0), 87340: (1, 5), 87354: (255, 0), 87368: (0, 0), 87382: (1, 0), 87396: (1, 6), 87410: (1, 2), 87424: (0, 1), 87438: (0, 1), 87452: (1, 7), 87466: (0, 1), 87480: (0, 0), 87494: (0, 0), 87508: (0, 5), 87522: (0, 2), 87536: (0, 1), 87550: (255, 0), 87564: (0, 0), 87578: (0, 7), 87592: (0, 2), 87606: (0, 2), 87620: (0, 1), 87634: (0, 2), 87648: (1, 7), 87662: (0, 2), 87676: (0, 2), 87690: (0, 0), 87704: (0, 1), 87718: (1, 5), 87732: (1, 1), 87746: (1, 1), 87760: (1, 1), 87774: (0, 4), 87788: (1, 3), 87802: (1, 1), 87816: (1, 0), 87830: (1, 0), 87844: (1, 2), 87858: (1, 1), 87872: (1, 0), 87886: (0, 127), 87900: (0, 127), 87914: (0, 5), 87928: (0, 0), 87942: (0, 0), 87956: (255, 127), 87970: (0, 3), 87984: (2, 4), 87998: (2, 2), 88012: (1, 1), 88026: (0, 0), 88040: (1, 5), 88054: (2, 1), 88068: (2, 1), 88082: (2, 1), 88096: (1, 1), 88110: (1, 6), 88124: (0, 1), 88138: (1, 1), 88152: (0, 0), 88166: (1, 5), 88180: (1, 3), 88194: (0, 1), 88208: (0, 1), 88222: (1, 2), 88236: (1, 7), 88250: (1, 2), 88264: (1, 2), 88278: (0, 1), 88292: (0, 4), 88306: (2, 3), 88320: (2, 2), 88334: (1, 2), 88348: (0, 1), 88362: (0, 7), 88376: (0, 2), 88390: (1, 1), 88404: (1, 0), 88418: (0, 4), 88432: (0, 2), 88446: (0, 1), 88460: (0, 0), 88474: (0, 1), 88488: (0, 2), 88502: (0, 0), 88516: (0, 0), 88530: (255, 127), 88544: (0, 5), 88558: (0, 0), 88572: (1, 0), 88586: (1, 1), 88600: (0, 7), 88614: (0, 2), 88628: (0, 0), 88642: (1, 2), 88656: (2, 6), 88670: (2, 2), 88684: (1, 3), 88698: (0, 1), 88712: (0, 5), 88726: (1, 2), 88740: (0, 1), 88754: (1, 1), 88768: (1, 1), 88782: (1, 4), 88796: (0, 2), 88810: (0, 1), 88824: (1, 2), 88838: (1, 6), 88852: (1, 3), 88866: (0, 1), 88880: (0, 2), 88894: (0, 7), 88908: (1, 3), 88922: (0, 2), 88936: (0, 1), 88950: (255, 5), 88964: (0, 4), 88978: (0, 2), 88992: (1, 2), 89006: (1, 4), 89020: (0, 4), 89034: (0, 2), 89048: (0, 2), 89062: (1, 2), 89076: (1, 7), 89090: (1, 2), 89104: (1, 1), 89118: (0, 2), 89132: (0, 8), 89146: (0, 3), 89160: (0, 2), 89174: (0, 1), 89188: (0, 6), 89202: (0, 1), 89216: (255, 0), 89230: (0, 0), 89244: (0, 5), 89258: (0, 2), 89272: (0, 1), 89286: (0, 0), 89300: (0, 3), 89314: (0, 2), 89328: (0, 0), 89342: (255, 127), 89356: (0, 3), 89370: (0, 1), 89384: (0, 0), 89398: (0, 127), 89412: (255, 127), 89426: (0, 4), 89440: (255, 127), 89454: (0, 0), 89468: (0, 0), 89482: (0, 4), 89496: (0, 2), 89510: (0, 1), 89524: (0, 1), 89538: (0, 1), 89552: (0, 7), 89566: (0, 2), 89580: (0, 2), 89594: (0, 2), 89608: (0, 1), 89622: (1, 5), 89636: (1, 1), 89650: (1, 1), 89664: (0, 1), 89678: (0, 5), 89692: (0, 2), 89706: (0, 1), 89720: (1, 1), 89734: (1, 1), 89748: (0, 5), 89762: (0, 1), 89776: (0, 2), 89790: (1, 2), 89804: (0, 3), 89818: (1, 3), 89832: (2, 2), 89846: (1, 1), 89860: (1, 0), 89874: (1, 7), 89888: (1, 0), 89902: (2, 0), 89916: (2, 0), 89930: (1, 6), 89944: (0, 1), 89958: (0, 0), 89972: (0, 0), 89986: (1, 4), 90000: (1, 2), 90014: (0, 1), 90028: (0, 1), 90042: (0, 2), 90056: (1, 4), 90070: (1, 3), 90084: (1, 2), 90098: (1, 1), 90112: (1, 6), 90126: (1, 3), 90140: (1, 1), 90154: (1, 1), 90168: (1, 7), 90182: (0, 1), 90196: (0, 1), 90210: (0, 0), 90224: (0, 6), 90238: (0, 0), 90252: (1, 1), 90266: (1, 0), 90280: (0, 5), 90294: (0, 0), 90308: (0, 0), 90322: (0, 0), 90336: (0, 5), 90350: (0, 0), 90364: (0, 0), 90378: (0, 0), 90392: (0, 5), 90406: (0, 1), 90420: (1, 0), 90434: (1, 127), 90448: (1, 3), 90462: (1, 2), 90476: (1, 0), 90490: (1, 0), 90504: (1, 4), 90518: (2, 3), 90532: (1, 1), 90546: (0, 0), 90560: (0, 2), 90574: (1, 5), 90588: (1, 2), 90602: (1, 1), 90616: (0, 0), 90630: (0, 6), 90644: (1, 1), 90658: (1, 1), 90672: (1, 1), 90686: (0, 6), 90700: (0, 1), 90714: (0, 0), 90728: (0, 127), 90742: (1, 0), 90756: (1, 1), 90770: (2, 0), 90784: (2, 127), 90798: (2, 0), 90812: (1, 2), 90826: (1, 0), 90840: (2, 127), 90854: (2, 0), 90868: (1, 4), 90882: (0, 0), 90896: (1, 1), 90910: (1, 1), 90924: (1, 5), 90938: (0, 1), 90952: (1, 0), 90966: (1, 1), 90980: (1, 4), 90994: (1, 1), 91008: (1, 0), 91022: (1, 3), 91036: (1, 3), 91050: (1, 1), 91064: (1, 1), 91078: (0, 6), 91092: (0, 2), 91106: (1, 0), 91120: (1, 1), 91134: (0, 7), 91148: (0, 1), 91162: (0, 2), 91176: (1, 0), 91190: (1, 6), 91204: (0, 1), 91218: (0, 1), 91232: (0, 3), 91246: (1, 4), 91260: (1, 2), 91274: (1, 1), 91288: (0, 6), 91302: (0, 1), 91316: (0, 0), 91330: (0, 0), 91344: (1, 6), 91358: (0, 1), 91372: (0, 0), 91386: (0, 3), 91400: (0, 2), 91414: (255, 127), 91428: (0, 127), 91442: (0, 5), 91456: (0, 1), 91470: (0, 0), 91484: (255, 0), 91498: (0, 6), 91512: (0, 1), 91526: (0, 0), 91540: (0, 3), 91554: (0, 3), 91568: (255, 0), 91582: (0, 1), 91596: (0, 5), 91610: (0, 2), 91624: (0, 1), 91638: (255, 0), 91652: (0, 5), 91666: (0, 3), 91680: (0, 2), 91694: (0, 1), 91708: (1, 6), 91722: (1, 3), 91736: (0, 2), 91750: (0, 1), 91764: (0, 6), 91778: (2, 3), 91792: (1, 1), 91806: (0, 1), 91820: (255, 6), 91834: (0, 1), 91848: (1, 0), 91862: (1, 0), 91876: (0, 5), 91890: (0, 2), 91904: (0, 1), 91918: (1, 1), 91932: (1, 7), 91946: (0, 3), 91960: (0, 1), 91974: (0, 1), 91988: (0, 7), 92002: (1, 3), 92016: (0, 1), 92030: (1, 1), 92044: (1, 8), 92058: (0, 2), 92072: (0, 1), 92086: (0, 1), 92100: (0, 7), 92114: (0, 2), 92128: (0, 2), 92142: (0, 1), 92156: (0, 6), 92170: (0, 1), 92184: (0, 1), 92198: (0, 5), 92212: (0, 2), 92226: (0, 1), 92240: (0, 0), 92254: (0, 7), 92268: (0, 1), 92282: (0, 0), 92296: (0, 0), 92310: (1, 7), 92324: (1, 1), 92338: (1, 127), 92352: (1, 0), 92366: (2, 7), 92380: (2, 1), 92394: (1, 1), 92408: (1, 1), 92422: (0, 4), 92436: (0, 1), 92450: (1, 1), 92464: (1, 4), 92478: (0, 4), 92492: (0, 1), 92506: (0, 1), 92520: (1, 5), 92534: (0, 2), 92548: (0, 1), 92562: (1, 1), 92576: (0, 7), 92590: (0, 2), 92604: (0, 1), 92618: (0, 1), 92632: (0, 8), 92646: (1, 2), 92660: (0, 1), 92674: (0, 1), 92688: (0, 8), 92702: (1, 2), 92716: (1, 1), 92730: (0, 0), 92744: (0, 7), 92758: (0, 1), 92772: (0, 1), 92786: (0, 1), 92800: (0, 6), 92814: (0, 1), 92828: (0, 1), 92842: (0, 3), 92856: (0, 4), 92870: (0, 1), 92884: (0, 1), 92898: (0, 5), 92912: (0, 4), 92926: (1, 2), 92940: (1, 2), 92954: (0, 7), 92968: (0, 2), 92982: (1, 1), 92996: (0, 1), 93010: (0, 9), 93024: (0, 1), 93038: (1, 1), 93052: (0, 2), 93066: (0, 8), 93080: (255, 1), 93094: (255, 1), 93108: (255, 0), 93122: (0, 6), 93136: (0, 1), 93150: (254, 127), 93164: (0, 2), 93178: (0, 3), 93192: (0, 0), 93206: (255, 127), 93220: (255, 5), 93234: (255, 0), 93248: (255, 127), 93262: (255, 127), 93276: (255, 5), 93290: (255, 127), 93304: (255, 127), 93318: (254, 2), 93332: (255, 1), 93346: (255, 127), 93360: (255, 126), 93374: (255, 5), 93388: (255, 0), 93402: (255, 126), 93416: (254, 126), 93430: (255, 5), 93444: (255, 125), 93458: (0, 126), 93472: (255, 126), 93486: (255, 5), 93500: (254, 127), 93514: (254, 126), 93528: (1, 0), 93542: (0, 7), 93556: (255, 0), 93570: (0, 1), 93584: (255, 127), 93598: (1, 6), 93612: (1, 0), 93626: (1, 127), 93640: (0, 0), 93654: (1, 4), 93668: (0, 2), 93682: (0, 1), 93696: (255, 0), 93710: (0, 2), 93724: (254, 1), 93738: (0, 0), 93752: (1, 0), 93766: (2, 4), 93780: (1, 4), 93794: (1, 1), 93808: (255, 0), 93822: (0, 1), 93836: (255, 5), 93850: (255, 0), 93864: (0, 0), 93878: (3, 2), 93892: (1, 5), 93906: (0, 0), 93920: (255, 127), 93934: (254, 126), 93948: (0, 4), 93962: (0, 0), 93976: (0, 126), 93990: (255, 127), 94004: (253, 1), 94018: (255, 126), 94032: (255, 125), 94046: (1, 3), 94060: (255, 2), 94074: (254, 126), 94088: (255, 127), 94102: (254, 2), 94116: (255, 1), 94130: (255, 0), 94144: (1, 1), 94158: (0, 5), 94172: (255, 2), 94186: (0, 1), 94200: (255, 127), 94214: (0, 3), 94228: (0, 2), 94242: (0, 0), 94256: (255, 127), 94270: (0, 1), 94284: (1, 5), 94298: (1, 0), 10: (246, 124), 24: (249, 1), 38: (248, 125), 52: (248, 123), 66: (248, 120), 80: (248, 122), 94: (248, 123), 108: (248, 124), 122: (248, 123), 136: (246, 122), 150: (248, 122), 164: (253, 125), 178: (252, 124), 192: (247, 122), 206: (252, 125), 220: (247, 122), 234: (244, 124), 248: (247, 123), 262: (253, 125), 276: (247, 123), 290: (251, 126), 304: (249, 123), 318: (248, 122), 332: (247, 120), 346: (250, 123), 360: (248, 124), 374: (252, 125), 388: (246, 122), 402: (253, 124), 416: (251, 124), 430: (252, 124), 444: (251, 127), 458: (253, 2), 472: (246, 123), 486: (251, 125), 500: (246, 122), 514: (246, 118), 528: (247, 118), 542: (250, 125), 556: (2, 2), 570: (250, 123), 584: (249, 122), 598: (249, 123), 612: (246, 123), 626: (246, 122), 640: (248, 125), 654: (252, 123), 668: (248, 125), 682: (251, 124), 696: (248, 127), 710: (248, 122), 724: (249, 122), 738: (253, 126), 752: (249, 125), 766: (253, 1), 780: (247, 126), 794: (250, 124), 808: (251, 126), 822: (255, 0), 836: (250, 1), 850: (252, 125), 864: (252, 126), 878: (2, 0), 892: (252, 126), 906: (253, 3), 920: (255, 0), 934: (255, 127), 948: (254, 127), 962: (0, 127), 976: (255, 0), 990: (255, 1), 1004: (0, 0), 1018: (255, 127), 1032: (254, 127), 1046: (255, 126), 1060: (255, 2), 1074: (255, 127), 1088: (254, 126), 1102: (255, 126), 1116: (255, 126), 1130: (255, 3), 1144: (254, 127), 1158: (0, 127), 1172: (255, 127), 1186: (0, 127), 1200: (255, 5), 1214: (0, 0), 1228: (255, 0), 1242: (255, 127), 1256: (0, 1), 1270: (255, 3), 1284: (254, 0), 1298: (255, 0), 1312: (0, 1), 1326: (255, 4), 1340: (255, 2), 1354: (0, 0), 1368: (255, 0), 1382: (255, 127), 1396: (0, 3), 1410: (0, 127), 1424: (0, 127), 1438: (0, 126), 1452: (0, 3), 1466: (0, 0), 1480: (0, 127), 1494: (0, 127), 1508: (0, 0), 1522: (0, 127), 1536: (0, 126), 1550: (0, 126), 1564: (0, 126), 1578: (255, 4), 1592: (255, 127), 1606: (0, 127), 1620: (255, 127), 1634: (255, 127), 1648: (255, 2), 1662: (0, 127), 1676: (255, 127), 1690: (255, 127), 1704: (255, 5), 1718: (0, 0), 1732: (255, 127), 1746: (255, 127), 1760: (255, 5), 1774: (254, 0), 1788: (255, 0), 1802: (255, 0), 1816: (0, 2), 1830: (255, 2), 1844: (255, 0), 1858: (255, 0), 1872: (255, 0), 1886: (0, 5), 1900: (255, 0), 1914: (0, 1), 1928: (255, 0), 1942: (255, 6), 1956: (0, 2), 1970: (0, 0), 1984: (255, 0), 1998: (0, 4), 2012: (0, 2), 2026: (255, 1), 2040: (255, 1), 2054: (255, 0), 2068: (0, 3), 2082: (255, 1), 2096: (255, 1), 2110: (0, 0), 2124: (255, 6), 2138: (255, 2), 2152: (0, 1), 2166: (1, 1), 2180: (0, 4), 2194: (0, 2), 2208: (255, 0), 2222: (255, 127), 2236: (255, 127), 2250: (1, 1), 2264: (0, 127), 2278: (0, 0), 2292: (0, 0), 2306: (0, 6), 2320: (0, 1), 2334: (0, 0), 2348: (1, 0), 2362: (2, 4), 2376: (255, 1), 2390: (255, 0), 2404: (0, 0), 2418: (0, 0), 2432: (1, 5), 2446: (255, 1), 2460: (0, 0), 2474: (0, 127), 2488: (1, 1), 2502: (1, 3), 2516: (1, 127), 2530: (0, 127), 2544: (0, 126), 2558: (2, 5), 2572: (2, 127), 2586: (1, 127), 2600: (1, 127), 2614: (1, 4), 2628: (0, 0), 2642: (0, 127), 2656: (0, 0), 2670: (0, 2), 2684: (0, 1), 2698: (0, 0), 2712: (0, 0), 2726: (0, 127), 2740: (0, 3), 2754: (1, 0), 2768: (0, 0), 2782: (255, 0), 2796: (255, 4), 2810: (0, 1), 2824: (0, 0), 2838: (0, 0), 2852: (0, 5), 2866: (0, 1), 2880: (0, 0), 2894: (0, 0), 2908: (1, 0), 2922: (0, 5), 2936: (255, 0), 2950: (0, 127), 2964: (0, 127), 2978: (255, 2), 2992: (255, 1), 3006: (0, 1), 3020: (0, 1), 3034: (0, 3), 3048: (255, 1), 3062: (1, 0), 3076: (1, 127), 3090: (1, 126), 3104: (1, 3), 3118: (1, 127), 3132: (0, 126), 3146: (0, 127), 3160: (1, 3), 3174: (0, 0), 3188: (255, 0), 3202: (0, 0), 3216: (1, 6), 3230: (0, 1), 3244: (0, 0), 3258: (0, 0), 3272: (0, 5), 3286: (0, 1), 3300: (0, 0), 3314: (255, 0), 3328: (255, 3), 3342: (0, 2), 3356: (0, 1), 3370: (0, 0), 3384: (255, 2), 3398: (0, 2), 3412: (1, 0), 3426: (0, 127), 3440: (255, 126), 3454: (0, 2), 3468: (0, 127), 3482: (0, 0), 3496: (2, 0), 3510: (2, 6), 3524: (1, 1), 3538: (1, 1), 3552: (1, 1), 3566: (1, 5), 3580: (1, 1), 3594: (1, 0), 3608: (2, 0), 3622: (1, 5), 3636: (0, 1), 3650: (0, 0), 3664: (1, 0), 3678: (2, 127), 3692: (2, 5), 3706: (1, 1), 3720: (1, 0), 3734: (1, 127), 3748: (1, 6), 3762: (1, 0), 3776: (1, 127), 3790: (0, 127), 3804: (1, 3), 3818: (1, 0), 3832: (1, 127), 3846: (1, 127), 3860: (0, 2), 3874: (0, 1), 3888: (0, 0), 3902: (255, 0), 3916: (255, 0), 3930: (0, 3), 3944: (0, 0), 3958: (0, 0), 3972: (1, 127), 3986: (0, 5), 4000: (2, 2), 4014: (3, 1), 4028: (2, 1), 4042: (1, 5), 4056: (1, 1), 4070: (1, 0), 4084: (0, 0), 4098: (0, 3), 4112: (0, 2), 4126: (0, 1), 4140: (255, 0), 4154: (1, 1), 4168: (1, 4), 4182: (1, 0), 4196: (1, 0), 4210: (2, 1), 4224: (0, 5), 4238: (0, 0), 4252: (255, 0), 4266: (0, 127), 4280: (0, 2), 4294: (0, 2), 4308: (0, 0), 4322: (255, 0), 4336: (255, 127), 4350: (1, 6), 4364: (1, 1), 4378: (0, 0), 4392: (255, 127), 4406: (0, 3), 4420: (0, 0), 4434: (255, 127), 4448: (0, 127), 4462: (0, 0), 4476: (0, 2), 4490: (255, 0), 4504: (255, 127), 4518: (255, 126), 4532: (255, 5), 4546: (0, 0), 4560: (0, 127), 4574: (1, 0), 4588: (255, 5), 4602: (1, 2), 4616: (0, 0), 4630: (255, 127), 4644: (0, 127), 4658: (0, 126), 4672: (0, 127), 4686: (255, 127), 4700: (1, 3), 4714: (0, 0), 4728: (0, 0), 4742: (255, 127), 4756: (1, 0), 4770: (0, 0), 4784: (0, 1), 4798: (0, 0), 4812: (1, 0), 4826: (0, 127), 4840: (0, 127), 4854: (1, 3), 4868: (0, 127), 4882: (2, 0), 4896: (2, 126), 4910: (2, 127), 4924: (3, 3), 4938: (2, 0), 4952: (1, 127), 4966: (1, 126), 4980: (0, 126), 4994: (0, 3), 5008: (1, 0), 5022: (1, 127), 5036: (0, 126), 5050: (0, 1), 5064: (1, 1), 5078: (0, 0), 5092: (0, 0), 5106: (1, 0), 5120: (0, 5), 5134: (0, 0), 5148: (0, 0), 5162: (0, 127), 5176: (0, 1), 5190: (0, 2), 5204: (1, 1), 5218: (2, 0), 5232: (1, 126), 5246: (1, 2), 5260: (1, 1), 5274: (1, 0), 5288: (1, 0), 5302: (1, 1), 5316: (1, 2), 5330: (255, 0), 5344: (0, 127), 5358: (0, 127), 5372: (1, 5), 5386: (0, 0), 5400: (0, 126), 5414: (0, 126), 5428: (0, 127), 5442: (1, 0), 5456: (1, 126), 5470: (0, 126), 5484: (0, 125), 5498: (1, 3), 5512: (0, 127), 5526: (1, 127), 5540: (1, 0), 5554: (2, 1), 5568: (1, 5), 5582: (255, 0), 5596: (255, 0), 5610: (1, 0), 5624: (1, 5), 5638: (1, 0), 5652: (1, 126), 5666: (2, 127), 5680: (1, 126), 5694: (1, 5), 5708: (0, 0), 5722: (0, 127), 5736: (0, 0), 5750: (0, 3), 5764: (0, 1), 5778: (0, 0), 5792: (0, 0), 5806: (1, 127), 5820: (1, 5), 5834: (0, 0), 5848: (0, 127), 5862: (0, 127), 5876: (0, 4), 5890: (0, 1), 5904: (0, 0), 5918: (254, 127), 5932: (255, 0), 5946: (0, 6), 5960: (1, 2), 5974: (1, 0), 5988: (0, 1), 6002: (0, 3), 6016: (0, 2), 6030: (0, 1), 6044: (0, 0), 6058: (0, 0), 6072: (0, 6), 6086: (1, 2), 6100: (0, 0), 6114: (0, 0), 6128: (255, 4), 6142: (0, 3), 6156: (0, 2), 6170: (254, 0), 6184: (254, 1), 6198: (255, 4), 6212: (1, 2), 6226: (0, 1), 6240: (255, 0), 6254: (1, 5), 6268: (1, 127), 6282: (1, 127), 6296: (1, 127), 6310: (1, 1), 6324: (0, 3), 6338: (255, 0), 6352: (0, 0), 6366: (0, 1), 6380: (0, 5), 6394: (255, 1), 6408: (0, 1), 6422: (0, 1), 6436: (1, 5), 6450: (1, 2), 6464: (1, 0), 6478: (1, 127), 6492: (1, 0), 6506: (0, 1), 6520: (0, 127), 6534: (0, 127), 6548: (1, 0), 6562: (0, 6), 6576: (0, 2), 6590: (0, 1), 6604: (0, 1), 6618: (1, 4), 6632: (1, 2), 6646: (0, 0), 6660: (255, 0), 6674: (0, 2), 6688: (0, 3), 6702: (0, 0), 6716: (255, 127), 6730: (0, 127), 6744: (1, 4), 6758: (1, 0), 6772: (0, 0), 6786: (254, 127), 6800: (255, 1), 6814: (1, 2), 6828: (255, 1), 6842: (254, 127), 6856: (255, 0), 6870: (255, 0), 6884: (0, 3), 6898: (0, 0), 6912: (0, 0), 6926: (255, 0), 6940: (255, 1), 6954: (1, 3), 6968: (1, 1), 6982: (255, 0), 6996: (255, 0), 7010: (255, 4), 7024: (0, 2), 7038: (255, 1), 7052: (0, 1), 7066: (255, 0), 7080: (0, 5), 7094: (255, 1), 7108: (0, 1), 7122: (255, 0), 7136: (255, 5), 7150: (0, 2), 7164: (0, 1), 7178: (255, 1), 7192: (255, 1), 7206: (0, 4), 7220: (0, 2), 7234: (0, 1), 7248: (0, 1), 7262: (255, 6), 7276: (255, 2), 7290: (0, 2), 7304: (0, 2), 7318: (0, 1), 7332: (0, 5), 7346: (0, 2), 7360: (255, 1), 7374: (255, 0), 7388: (0, 7), 7402: (0, 1), 7416: (0, 1), 7430: (0, 1), 7444: (0, 4), 7458: (2, 1), 7472: (2, 1), 7486: (1, 0), 7500: (0, 1), 7514: (0, 4), 7528: (255, 1), 7542: (255, 1), 7556: (0, 1), 7570: (0, 7), 7584: (0, 2), 7598: (0, 1), 7612: (1, 127), 7626: (0, 4), 7640: (0, 0), 7654: (0, 127), 7668: (0, 127), 7682: (0, 4), 7696: (0, 0), 7710: (255, 127), 7724: (255, 127), 7738: (0, 5), 7752: (1, 1), 7766: (0, 0), 7780: (255, 127), 7794: (254, 4), 7808: (255, 1), 7822: (0, 0), 7836: (255, 127), 7850: (255, 3), 7864: (255, 0), 7878: (254, 127), 7892: (254, 127), 7906: (255, 2), 7920: (0, 2), 7934: (255, 0), 7948: (0, 1), 7962: (255, 1), 7976: (255, 6), 7990: (255, 1), 8004: (0, 1), 8018: (255, 1), 8032: (255, 3), 8046: (255, 3), 8060: (0, 1), 8074: (255, 1), 8088: (0, 1), 8102: (1, 5), 8116: (0, 0), 8130: (0, 0), 8144: (1, 127), 8158: (2, 4), 8172: (0, 0), 8186: (255, 126), 8200: (0, 127), 8214: (1, 2), 8228: (0, 1), 8242: (0, 127), 8256: (0, 127), 8270: (255, 126), 8284: (0, 3), 8298: (0, 0), 8312: (0, 0), 8326: (255, 0), 8340: (255, 6), 8354: (1, 2), 8368: (0, 0), 8382: (255, 0), 8396: (1, 4), 8410: (3, 3), 8424: (3, 1), 8438: (2, 0), 8452: (1, 0), 8466: (1, 4), 8480: (0, 1), 8494: (0, 1), 8508: (1, 0), 8522: (0, 5), 8536: (0, 1), 8550: (1, 2), 8564: (1, 0), 8578: (0, 5), 8592: (0, 1), 8606: (1, 127), 8620: (0, 127), 8634: (0, 5), 8648: (0, 0), 8662: (1, 126), 8676: (0, 126), 8690: (0, 3), 8704: (255, 1), 8718: (255, 127), 8732: (255, 127), 8746: (0, 4), 8760: (0, 1), 8774: (1, 1), 8788: (1, 127), 8802: (2, 4), 8816: (3, 126), 8830: (2, 127), 8844: (2, 0), 8858: (0, 5), 8872: (0, 0), 8886: (0, 127), 8900: (1, 0), 8914: (1, 6), 8928: (2, 2), 8942: (2, 1), 8956: (2, 0), 8970: (1, 6), 8984: (0, 2), 8998: (1, 0), 9012: (1, 3), 9026: (0, 2), 9040: (0, 0), 9054: (0, 127), 9068: (0, 5), 9082: (1, 1), 9096: (1, 1), 9110: (255, 0), 9124: (0, 6), 9138: (0, 1), 9152: (1, 0), 9166: (1, 3), 9180: (1, 2), 9194: (0, 0), 9208: (255, 0), 9222: (0, 7), 9236: (0, 2), 9250: (0, 1), 9264: (0, 1), 9278: (0, 5), 9292: (255, 1), 9306: (255, 1), 9320: (0, 4), 9334: (0, 3), 9348: (0, 1), 9362: (0, 1), 9376: (255, 7), 9390: (255, 2), 9404: (0, 1), 9418: (0, 1), 9432: (0, 5), 9446: (0, 2), 9460: (0, 1), 9474: (255, 6), 9488: (0, 3), 9502: (0, 2), 9516: (0, 2), 9530: (0, 7), 9544: (0, 2), 9558: (0, 1), 9572: (0, 2), 9586: (1, 3), 9600: (1, 0), 9614: (1, 0), 9628: (255, 5), 9642: (0, 2), 9656: (1, 1), 9670: (0, 0), 9684: (0, 7), 9698: (0, 1), 9712: (255, 0), 9726: (255, 1), 9740: (0, 3), 9754: (0, 1), 9768: (255, 0), 9782: (254, 6), 9796: (255, 1), 9810: (255, 1), 9824: (255, 1), 9838: (0, 7), 9852: (0, 1), 9866: (255, 0), 9880: (0, 2), 9894: (0, 4), 9908: (0, 1), 9922: (0, 1), 9936: (0, 5), 9950: (0, 3), 9964: (0, 1), 9978: (255, 0), 9992: (255, 6), 10006: (0, 2), 10020: (0, 1), 10034: (0, 1), 10048: (255, 4), 10062: (255, 2), 10076: (0, 2), 10090: (1, 2), 10104: (0, 5), 10118: (255, 1), 10132: (255, 1), 10146: (255, 0), 10160: (0, 6), 10174: (0, 2), 10188: (0, 1), 10202: (255, 0), 10216: (255, 6), 10230: (0, 2), 10244: (255, 1), 10258: (255, 1), 10272: (0, 7), 10286: (0, 3), 10300: (255, 1), 10314: (255, 1), 10328: (255, 7), 10342: (1, 2), 10356: (1, 1), 10370: (255, 0), 10384: (255, 7), 10398: (255, 1), 10412: (0, 1), 10426: (0, 2), 10440: (1, 7), 10454: (2, 1), 10468: (1, 2), 10482: (1, 1), 10496: (1, 7), 10510: (2, 3), 10524: (0, 1), 10538: (0, 1), 10552: (1, 8), 10566: (0, 2), 10580: (255, 1), 10594: (0, 1), 10608: (2, 5), 10622: (1, 0), 10636: (0, 126), 10650: (255, 127), 10664: (0, 2), 10678: (0, 127), 10692: (0, 127), 10706: (0, 0), 10720: (255, 3), 10734: (255, 0), 10748: (255, 127), 10762: (0, 0), 10776: (1, 5), 10790: (1, 127), 10804: (2, 126), 10818: (2, 127), 10832: (1, 5), 10846: (0, 1), 10860: (1, 0), 10874: (1, 1), 10888: (1, 4), 10902: (0, 1), 10916: (0, 1), 10930: (255, 1), 10944: (0, 5), 10958: (1, 2), 10972: (255, 1), 10986: (255, 2), 11000: (0, 5), 11014: (0, 2), 11028: (0, 1), 11042: (0, 1), 11056: (0, 5), 11070: (0, 2), 11084: (255, 1), 11098: (0, 1), 11112: (0, 6), 11126: (255, 1), 11140: (255, 2), 11154: (0, 1), 11168: (255, 7), 11182: (255, 2), 11196: (255, 1), 11210: (0, 1), 11224: (1, 8), 11238: (0, 2), 11252: (1, 1), 11266: (2, 2), 11280: (3, 5), 11294: (3, 2), 11308: (3, 2), 11322: (2, 2), 11336: (1, 3), 11350: (1, 2), 11364: (0, 1), 11378: (0, 4), 11392: (255, 3), 11406: (0, 1), 11420: (0, 1), 11434: (255, 4), 11448: (0, 2), 11462: (0, 0), 11476: (0, 0), 11490: (0, 3), 11504: (1, 1), 11518: (0, 127), 11532: (255, 127), 11546: (0, 3), 11560: (1, 3), 11574: (0, 0), 11588: (255, 127), 11602: (0, 1), 11616: (1, 3), 11630: (0, 0), 11644: (254, 127), 11658: (255, 127), 11672: (0, 4), 11686: (0, 1), 11700: (0, 0), 11714: (255, 127), 11728: (255, 4), 11742: (255, 1), 11756: (0, 0), 11770: (255, 0), 11784: (254, 127), 11798: (255, 0), 11812: (1, 4), 11826: (255, 1), 11840: (255, 0), 11854: (0, 1), 11868: (1, 2), 11882: (0, 4), 11896: (255, 1), 11910: (0, 1), 11924: (255, 0), 11938: (0, 6), 11952: (0, 1), 11966: (0, 0), 11980: (255, 0), 11994: (255, 0), 12008: (0, 6), 12022: (0, 1), 12036: (255, 0), 12050: (255, 0), 12064: (0, 4), 12078: (1, 3), 12092: (0, 1), 12106: (0, 1), 12120: (0, 1), 12134: (255, 6), 12148: (255, 1), 12162: (255, 1), 12176: (0, 0), 12190: (0, 2), 12204: (1, 4), 12218: (1, 2), 12232: (0, 1), 12246: (0, 0), 12260: (0, 7), 12274: (0, 1), 12288: (0, 1), 12302: (0, 1), 12316: (0, 5), 12330: (255, 2), 12344: (255, 2), 12358: (0, 2), 12372: (255, 4), 12386: (0, 3), 12400: (255, 2), 12414: (255, 0), 12428: (255, 1), 12442: (0, 4), 12456: (1, 2), 12470: (0, 1), 12484: (255, 1), 12498: (255, 7), 12512: (0, 1), 12526: (255, 1), 12540: (0, 1), 12554: (0, 7), 12568: (0, 2), 12582: (255, 1), 12596: (1, 2), 12610: (1, 2), 12624: (0, 4), 12638: (254, 2), 12652: (255, 1), 12666: (255, 1), 12680: (255, 7), 12694: (255, 2), 12708: (255, 1), 12722: (255, 1), 12736: (255, 5), 12750: (255, 2), 12764: (0, 2), 12778: (0, 1), 12792: (255, 2), 12806: (1, 3), 12820: (0, 2), 12834: (255, 1), 12848: (255, 1), 12862: (0, 7), 12876: (0, 3), 12890: (255, 1), 12904: (255, 1), 12918: (255, 5), 12932: (255, 2), 12946: (0, 1), 12960: (0, 1), 12974: (0, 2), 12988: (255, 2), 13002: (255, 0), 13016: (0, 0), 13030: (0, 1), 13044: (0, 4), 13058: (0, 1), 13072: (0, 2), 13086: (255, 1), 13100: (255, 7), 13114: (255, 2), 13128: (0, 1), 13142: (0, 2), 13156: (0, 7), 13170: (255, 1), 13184: (255, 1), 13198: (0, 0), 13212: (1, 6), 13226: (0, 2), 13240: (255, 1), 13254: (255, 1), 13268: (0, 5), 13282: (0, 2), 13296: (0, 1), 13310: (0, 1), 13324: (255, 1), 13338: (255, 4), 13352: (255, 1), 13366: (0, 1), 13380: (255, 1), 13394: (255, 7), 13408: (0, 2), 13422: (255, 1), 13436: (254, 0), 13450: (255, 4), 13464: (0, 2), 13478: (255, 1), 13492: (255, 0), 13506: (255, 2), 13520: (255, 3), 13534: (255, 1), 13548: (1, 1), 13562: (0, 0), 13576: (255, 5), 13590: (254, 0), 13604: (255, 0), 13618: (255, 0), 13632: (255, 5), 13646: (255, 2), 13660: (0, 1), 13674: (0, 1), 13688: (255, 3), 13702: (255, 3), 13716: (0, 2), 13730: (0, 1), 13744: (0, 1), 13758: (255, 6), 13772: (255, 2), 13786: (255, 1), 13800: (0, 1), 13814: (0, 6), 13828: (0, 4), 13842: (255, 1), 13856: (255, 2), 13870: (0, 2), 13884: (255, 7), 13898: (0, 3), 13912: (1, 1), 13926: (255, 1), 13940: (255, 4), 13954: (0, 2), 13968: (0, 2), 13982: (255, 1), 13996: (0, 1), 14010: (0, 6), 14024: (255, 2), 14038: (255, 1), 14052: (255, 1), 14066: (0, 2), 14080: (0, 4), 14094: (255, 2), 14108: (255, 0), 14122: (255, 1), 14136: (255, 5), 14150: (0, 2), 14164: (0, 1), 14178: (255, 0), 14192: (254, 0), 14206: (0, 5), 14220: (2, 2), 14234: (2, 1), 14248: (1, 2), 14262: (1, 8), 14276: (2, 3), 14290: (0, 1), 14304: (0, 0), 14318: (0, 5), 14332: (0, 2), 14346: (255, 1), 14360: (0, 1), 14374: (255, 0), 14388: (0, 5), 14402: (0, 1), 14416: (0, 1), 14430: (0, 1), 14444: (255, 6), 14458: (0, 1), 14472: (255, 1), 14486: (0, 1), 14500: (0, 6), 14514: (255, 2), 14528: (255, 1), 14542: (255, 1), 14556: (255, 1), 14570: (1, 4), 14584: (0, 1), 14598: (255, 0), 14612: (0, 0), 14626: (1, 5), 14640: (1, 1), 14654: (1, 1), 14668: (0, 0), 14682: (0, 6), 14696: (255, 0), 14710: (255, 127), 14724: (255, 127), 14738: (255, 0), 14752: (0, 5), 14766: (0, 0), 14780: (255, 1), 14794: (255, 1), 14808: (0, 1), 14822: (0, 3), 14836: (255, 1), 14850: (255, 1), 14864: (0, 1), 14878: (0, 7), 14892: (255, 2), 14906: (255, 1), 14920: (0, 1), 14934: (0, 1), 14948: (0, 5), 14962: (0, 2), 14976: (255, 0), 14990: (255, 0), 15004: (0, 6), 15018: (1, 2), 15032: (1, 2), 15046: (255, 1), 15060: (255, 1), 15074: (0, 1), 15088: (0, 5), 15102: (0, 3), 15116: (255, 2), 15130: (0, 1), 15144: (0, 1), 15158: (0, 5), 15172: (0, 2), 15186: (0, 1), 15200: (255, 1), 15214: (0, 2), 15228: (255, 7), 15242: (255, 2), 15256: (255, 1), 15270: (0, 1), 15284: (0, 6), 15298: (255, 1), 15312: (0, 1), 15326: (0, 0), 15340: (0, 0), 15354: (0, 5), 15368: (0, 2), 15382: (255, 1), 15396: (0, 0), 15410: (0, 3), 15424: (0, 2), 15438: (255, 0), 15452: (254, 127), 15466: (0, 0), 15480: (0, 6), 15494: (255, 2), 15508: (0, 2), 15522: (0, 1), 15536: (255, 6), 15550: (0, 3), 15564: (0, 2), 15578: (0, 0), 15592: (0, 2), 15606: (1, 3), 15620: (0, 1), 15634: (0, 0), 15648: (255, 0), 15662: (1, 5), 15676: (1, 1), 15690: (0, 1), 15704: (255, 0), 15718: (255, 4), 15732: (0, 2), 15746: (0, 1), 15760: (1, 1), 15774: (0, 1), 15788: (0, 6), 15802: (255, 1), 15816: (1, 2), 15830: (0, 1), 15844: (0, 3), 15858: (0, 3), 15872: (1, 2), 15886: (1, 2), 15900: (2, 2), 15914: (1, 6), 15928: (1, 2), 15942: (2, 1), 15956: (2, 0), 15970: (1, 1), 15984: (0, 1), 15998: (0, 0), 16012: (1, 1), 16026: (0, 0), 16040: (255, 6), 16054: (255, 2), 16068: (0, 1), 16082: (0, 1), 16096: (0, 6), 16110: (0, 1), 16124: (255, 1), 16138: (255, 0), 16152: (0, 4), 16166: (0, 2), 16180: (255, 1), 16194: (255, 0), 16208: (255, 0), 16222: (0, 5), 16236: (255, 1), 16250: (255, 0), 16264: (0, 0), 16278: (0, 4), 16292: (255, 2), 16306: (255, 0), 16320: (1, 1), 16334: (1, 1), 16348: (1, 4), 16362: (1, 1), 16376: (0, 1), 16390: (255, 0), 16404: (1, 6), 16418: (2, 2), 16432: (1, 1), 16446: (0, 0), 16460: (0, 0), 16474: (1, 4), 16488: (1, 0), 16502: (1, 127), 16516: (1, 0), 16530: (0, 6), 16544: (0, 2), 16558: (255, 1), 16572: (255, 1), 16586: (1, 2), 16600: (2, 8), 16614: (2, 2), 16628: (1, 3), 16642: (2, 2), 16656: (1, 2), 16670: (2, 5), 16684: (2, 1), 16698: (1, 1), 16712: (255, 1), 16726: (0, 7), 16740: (1, 3), 16754: (1, 2), 16768: (1, 2), 16782: (0, 5), 16796: (255, 3), 16810: (1, 2), 16824: (1, 1), 16838: (0, 1), 16852: (0, 3), 16866: (0, 1), 16880: (0, 1), 16894: (255, 0), 16908: (255, 5), 16922: (0, 1), 16936: (0, 1), 16950: (0, 2), 16964: (0, 6), 16978: (255, 2), 16992: (255, 1), 17006: (0, 1), 17020: (1, 4), 17034: (0, 3), 17048: (255, 0), 17062: (255, 1), 17076: (0, 1), 17090: (0, 0), 17104: (255, 4), 17118: (0, 2), 17132: (0, 1), 17146: (255, 1), 17160: (255, 2), 17174: (0, 4), 17188: (0, 2), 17202: (0, 2), 17216: (0, 2), 17230: (0, 7), 17244: (2, 3), 17258: (2, 2), 17272: (2, 3), 17286: (3, 3), 17300: (2, 7), 17314: (2, 2), 17328: (2, 1), 17342: (2, 1), 17356: (1, 7), 17370: (0, 1), 17384: (0, 0), 17398: (0, 0), 17412: (0, 0), 17426: (1, 4), 17440: (0, 1), 17454: (0, 1), 17468: (0, 0), 17482: (0, 6), 17496: (0, 1), 17510: (1, 1), 17524: (1, 0), 17538: (0, 5), 17552: (1, 1), 17566: (1, 127), 17580: (0, 127), 17594: (0, 127), 17608: (1, 6), 17622: (1, 2), 17636: (0, 1), 17650: (254, 1), 17664: (255, 7), 17678: (1, 3), 17692: (1, 3), 17706: (0, 3), 17720: (0, 7), 17734: (0, 4), 17748: (0, 2), 17762: (1, 2), 17776: (0, 3), 17790: (0, 5), 17804: (0, 3), 17818: (0, 2), 17832: (255, 2), 17846: (255, 8), 17860: (0, 3), 17874: (1, 2), 17888: (0, 2), 17902: (254, 6), 17916: (255, 3), 17930: (0, 2), 17944: (255, 1), 17958: (255, 2), 17972: (0, 4), 17986: (0, 3), 18000: (255, 2), 18014: (0, 3), 18028: (2, 9), 18042: (1, 4), 18056: (1, 3), 18070: (2, 2), 18084: (2, 4), 18098: (2, 5), 18112: (1, 3), 18126: (2, 3), 18140: (1, 2), 18154: (0, 8), 18168: (0, 2), 18182: (0, 2), 18196: (0, 2), 18210: (1, 8), 18224: (1, 3), 18238: (0, 2), 18252: (255, 2), 18266: (0, 5), 18280: (1, 4), 18294: (1, 2), 18308: (0, 2), 18322: (255, 1), 18336: (0, 6), 18350: (0, 2), 18364: (0, 1), 18378: (0, 1), 18392: (1, 7), 18406: (0, 3), 18420: (0, 1), 18434: (255, 1), 18448: (255, 3), 18462: (0, 3), 18476: (1, 2), 18490: (0, 1), 18504: (255, 1), 18518: (0, 5), 18532: (0, 1), 18546: (1, 1), 18560: (0, 0), 18574: (0, 6), 18588: (0, 2), 18602: (0, 1), 18616: (0, 1), 18630: (1, 6), 18644: (0, 3), 18658: (0, 2), 18672: (1, 1), 18686: (0, 4), 18700: (0, 3), 18714: (1, 0), 18728: (1, 0), 18742: (0, 127), 18756: (0, 4), 18770: (0, 127), 18784: (0, 127), 18798: (0, 1), 18812: (0, 4), 18826: (0, 2), 18840: (255, 1), 18854: (255, 0), 18868: (255, 1), 18882: (0, 6), 18896: (255, 1), 18910: (255, 1), 18924: (255, 1), 18938: (0, 1), 18952: (255, 5), 18966: (255, 1), 18980: (255, 1), 18994: (255, 1), 19008: (255, 0), 19022: (0, 7), 19036: (1, 2), 19050: (255, 2), 19064: (255, 1), 19078: (1, 2), 19092: (1, 6), 19106: (1, 4), 19120: (0, 2), 19134: (1, 2), 19148: (0, 2), 19162: (255, 7), 19176: (0, 3), 19190: (0, 3), 19204: (0, 3), 19218: (0, 5), 19232: (0, 4), 19246: (255, 2), 19260: (0, 3), 19274: (1, 3), 19288: (1, 7), 19302: (255, 3), 19316: (254, 3), 19330: (0, 2), 19344: (255, 2), 19358: (255, 7), 19372: (0, 3), 19386: (0, 2), 19400: (255, 2), 19414: (1, 4), 19428: (1, 5), 19442: (1, 3), 19456: (1, 2), 19470: (2, 2), 19484: (2, 9), 19498: (1, 4), 19512: (1, 3), 19526: (2, 2), 19540: (3, 6), 19554: (2, 3), 19568: (0, 2), 19582: (0, 2), 19596: (0, 4), 19610: (0, 4), 19624: (0, 2), 19638: (0, 2), 19652: (0, 1), 19666: (1, 6), 19680: (0, 1), 19694: (0, 0), 19708: (0, 0), 19722: (0, 6), 19736: (0, 3), 19750: (255, 2), 19764: (254, 1), 19778: (255, 3), 19792: (0, 4), 19806: (0, 2), 19820: (0, 2), 19834: (255, 2), 19848: (255, 6), 19862: (255, 2), 19876: (1, 2), 19890: (1, 1), 19904: (0, 7), 19918: (0, 2), 19932: (255, 1), 19946: (0, 1), 19960: (0, 7), 19974: (0, 3), 19988: (0, 2), 20002: (255, 2), 20016: (255, 5), 20030: (0, 4), 20044: (0, 2), 20058: (0, 2), 20072: (255, 1), 20086: (0, 7), 20100: (255, 2), 20114: (255, 1), 20128: (0, 1), 20142: (0, 5), 20156: (255, 2), 20170: (255, 1), 20184: (254, 1), 20198: (255, 4), 20212: (0, 3), 20226: (0, 2), 20240: (255, 1), 20254: (254, 5), 20268: (255, 2), 20282: (1, 2), 20296: (1, 2), 20310: (255, 4), 20324: (255, 3), 20338: (0, 2), 20352: (255, 2), 20366: (255, 2), 20380: (255, 6), 20394: (0, 3), 20408: (0, 2), 20422: (255, 2), 20436: (255, 7), 20450: (255, 2), 20464: (0, 3), 20478: (1, 4), 20492: (1, 8), 20506: (255, 4), 20520: (255, 3), 20534: (255, 3), 20548: (0, 6), 20562: (255, 4), 20576: (255, 2), 20590: (255, 2), 20604: (255, 3), 20618: (255, 5), 20632: (255, 3), 20646: (0, 2), 20660: (255, 3), 20674: (255, 8), 20688: (0, 3), 20702: (255, 2), 20716: (255, 2), 20730: (255, 7), 20744: (0, 4), 20758: (255, 3), 20772: (254, 3), 20786: (255, 5), 20800: (0, 4), 20814: (0, 3), 20828: (255, 3), 20842: (255, 3), 20856: (255, 6), 20870: (255, 3), 20884: (0, 3), 20898: (0, 3), 20912: (255, 8), 20926: (255, 3), 20940: (254, 2), 20954: (255, 2), 20968: (255, 7), 20982: (255, 3), 20996: (255, 2), 21010: (254, 2), 21024: (254, 6), 21038: (254, 3), 21052: (254, 2), 21066: (254, 1), 21080: (255, 1), 21094: (255, 4), 21108: (254, 1), 21122: (253, 1), 21136: (254, 1), 21150: (0, 7), 21164: (254, 2), 21178: (253, 1), 21192: (254, 2), 21206: (255, 6), 21220: (255, 3), 21234: (255, 3), 21248: (254, 2), 21262: (254, 2), 21276: (255, 7), 21290: (0, 3), 21304: (1, 4), 21318: (1, 3), 21332: (1, 7), 21346: (2, 6), 21360: (0, 4), 21374: (255, 3), 21388: (0, 3), 21402: (1, 7), 21416: (0, 3), 21430: (0, 2), 21444: (0, 2), 21458: (0, 8), 21472: (1, 3), 21486: (1, 2), 21500: (0, 2), 21514: (255, 6), 21528: (0, 4), 21542: (0, 2), 21556: (255, 2), 21570: (255, 2), 21584: (0, 5), 21598: (0, 2), 21612: (255, 2), 21626: (254, 1), 21640: (0, 8), 21654: (1, 2), 21668: (2, 3), 21682: (1, 1), 21696: (1, 6), 21710: (1, 3), 21724: (1, 4), 21738: (1, 3), 21752: (1, 8), 21766: (0, 3), 21780: (0, 4), 21794: (0, 3), 21808: (1, 8), 21822: (2, 5), 21836: (2, 2), 21850: (2, 1), 21864: (2, 4), 21878: (1, 5), 21892: (1, 3), 21906: (1, 2), 21920: (0, 3), 21934: (1, 4), 21948: (1, 2), 21962: (0, 1), 21976: (1, 3), 21990: (1, 4), 22004: (2, 1), 22018: (2, 2), 22032: (1, 2), 22046: (1, 6), 22060: (1, 3), 22074: (1, 3), 22088: (2, 4), 22102: (1, 6), 22116: (0, 3), 22130: (0, 2), 22144: (1, 6), 22158: (0, 3), 22172: (0, 1), 22186: (0, 0), 22200: (0, 6), 22214: (255, 1), 22228: (255, 0), 22242: (255, 0), 22256: (0, 6), 22270: (1, 3), 22284: (0, 1), 22298: (0, 2), 22312: (255, 7), 22326: (254, 2), 22340: (255, 1), 22354: (0, 1), 22368: (255, 6), 22382: (255, 2), 22396: (0, 2), 22410: (0, 2), 22424: (255, 6), 22438: (0, 2), 22452: (0, 1), 22466: (0, 1), 22480: (255, 8), 22494: (0, 3), 22508: (0, 2), 22522: (254, 0), 22536: (255, 7), 22550: (2, 3), 22564: (2, 3), 22578: (1, 1), 22592: (0, 5), 22606: (2, 1), 22620: (2, 1), 22634: (0, 1), 22648: (1, 7), 22662: (1, 3), 22676: (1, 2), 22690: (0, 2), 22704: (0, 6), 22718: (0, 3), 22732: (0, 2), 22746: (0, 2), 22760: (0, 6), 22774: (0, 2), 22788: (0, 1), 22802: (0, 0), 22816: (1, 5), 22830: (0, 0), 22844: (0, 127), 22858: (0, 0), 22872: (0, 4), 22886: (255, 3), 22900: (255, 1), 22914: (255, 1), 22928: (0, 4), 22942: (0, 3), 22956: (255, 1), 22970: (255, 1), 22984: (255, 1), 22998: (1, 6), 23012: (1, 4), 23026: (255, 3), 23040: (255, 2), 23054: (0, 8), 23068: (0, 3), 23082: (0, 3), 23096: (0, 2), 23110: (0, 8), 23124: (0, 3), 23138: (1, 3), 23152: (1, 2), 23166: (1, 6), 23180: (0, 3), 23194: (0, 2), 23208: (0, 2), 23222: (255, 1), 23236: (255, 7), 23250: (0, 3), 23264: (0, 3), 23278: (0, 2), 23292: (255, 8), 23306: (255, 3), 23320: (0, 2), 23334: (0, 2), 23348: (0, 6), 23362: (0, 3), 23376: (255, 2), 23390: (255, 2), 23404: (1, 5), 23418: (1, 2), 23432: (0, 0), 23446: (0, 0), 23460: (1, 3), 23474: (0, 3), 23488: (0, 2), 23502: (0, 1), 23516: (0, 2), 23530: (0, 3), 23544: (0, 1), 23558: (0, 1), 23572: (255, 1), 23586: (0, 5), 23600: (0, 1), 23614: (1, 1), 23628: (0, 1), 23642: (255, 7), 23656: (0, 2), 23670: (1, 2), 23684: (0, 1), 23698: (255, 7), 23712: (0, 2), 23726: (0, 2), 23740: (0, 2), 23754: (0, 7), 23768: (1, 3), 23782: (255, 2), 23796: (255, 2), 23810: (0, 4), 23824: (0, 4), 23838: (0, 3), 23852: (2, 3), 23866: (2, 2), 23880: (2, 5), 23894: (0, 2), 23908: (1, 2), 23922: (1, 2), 23936: (2, 7), 23950: (1, 2), 23964: (0, 1), 23978: (255, 1), 23992: (255, 8), 24006: (1, 3), 24020: (0, 3), 24034: (255, 2), 24048: (255, 9), 24062: (1, 4), 24076: (1, 2), 24090: (0, 3), 24104: (0, 8), 24118: (0, 3), 24132: (255, 2), 24146: (255, 2), 24160: (255, 7), 24174: (255, 2), 24188: (1, 3), 24202: (1, 3), 24216: (0, 6), 24230: (0, 2), 24244: (0, 1), 24258: (1, 0), 24272: (2, 2), 24286: (2, 5), 24300: (1, 3), 24314: (1, 1), 24328: (2, 2), 24342: (2, 7), 24356: (1, 2), 24370: (1, 2), 24384: (0, 1), 24398: (0, 7), 24412: (0, 2), 24426: (1, 2), 24440: (0, 2), 24454: (255, 7), 24468: (0, 3), 24482: (0, 2), 24496: (255, 2), 24510: (255, 7), 24524: (0, 3), 24538: (0, 1), 24552: (0, 0), 24566: (255, 5), 24580: (0, 2), 24594: (0, 2), 24608: (1, 1), 24622: (0, 4), 24636: (255, 4), 24650: (255, 2), 24664: (255, 2), 24678: (0, 3), 24692: (0, 6), 24706: (255, 2), 24720: (255, 2), 24734: (0, 3), 24748: (255, 6), 24762: (255, 2), 24776: (1, 2), 24790: (0, 1), 24804: (255, 8), 24818: (0, 2), 24832: (0, 2), 24846: (255, 1), 24860: (0, 7), 24874: (0, 3), 24888: (255, 2), 24902: (254, 1), 24916: (254, 5), 24930: (255, 3), 24944: (255, 2), 24958: (255, 1), 24972: (255, 2), 24986: (255, 4), 25000: (255, 2), 25014: (0, 2), 25028: (255, 2), 25042: (0, 7), 25056: (0, 3), 25070: (0, 2), 25084: (255, 2), 25098: (255, 7), 25112: (255, 3), 25126: (0, 3), 25140: (0, 3), 25154: (254, 8), 25168: (255, 4), 25182: (255, 3), 25196: (255, 3), 25210: (0, 7), 25224: (0, 4), 25238: (254, 2), 25252: (254, 2), 25266: (255, 3), 25280: (0, 5), 25294: (255, 2), 25308: (254, 1), 25322: (255, 1), 25336: (0, 7), 25350: (0, 2), 25364: (254, 2), 25378: (255, 3), 25392: (255, 6), 25406: (255, 4), 25420: (255, 3), 25434: (255, 3), 25448: (254, 3), 25462: (254, 6), 25476: (0, 4), 25490: (255, 3), 25504: (254, 2), 25518: (254, 8), 25532: (255, 3), 25546: (255, 2), 25560: (254, 2), 25574: (254, 4), 25588: (255, 3), 25602: (255, 2), 25616: (255, 1), 25630: (255, 1), 25644: (254, 6), 25658: (254, 2), 25672: (255, 2), 25686: (0, 2), 25700: (254, 7), 25714: (255, 2), 25728: (0, 1), 25742: (1, 0), 25756: (0, 1), 25770: (0, 4), 25784: (0, 1), 25798: (0, 0), 25812: (255, 0), 25826: (0, 6), 25840: (255, 2), 25854: (255, 1), 25868: (255, 1), 25882: (255, 5), 25896: (255, 3), 25910: (254, 1), 25924: (255, 0), 25938: (0, 0), 25952: (0, 6), 25966: (255, 1), 25980: (255, 1), 25994: (0, 1), 26008: (0, 6), 26022: (0, 1), 26036: (0, 1), 26050: (254, 1), 26064: (254, 5), 26078: (255, 3), 26092: (255, 2), 26106: (254, 2), 26120: (255, 3), 26134: (1, 6), 26148: (0, 2), 26162: (254, 2), 26176: (255, 2), 26190: (0, 8), 26204: (0, 4), 26218: (255, 3), 26232: (255, 3), 26246: (255, 6), 26260: (255, 4), 26274: (0, 3), 26288: (1, 2), 26302: (0, 3), 26316: (255, 6), 26330: (255, 3), 26344: (255, 4), 26358: (255, 2), 26372: (0, 6), 26386: (0, 1), 26400: (255, 0), 26414: (254, 127), 26428: (255, 6), 26442: (255, 0), 26456: (255, 127), 26470: (255, 0), 26484: (255, 5), 26498: (255, 3), 26512: (254, 1), 26526: (254, 1), 26540: (255, 2), 26554: (0, 6), 26568: (254, 2), 26582: (254, 1), 26596: (254, 1), 26610: (255, 7), 26624: (255, 3), 26638: (254, 1), 26652: (253, 1), 26666: (254, 1), 26680: (0, 2), 26694: (0, 7), 26708: (1, 3), 26722: (1, 4), 26736: (2, 3), 26750: (2, 4), 26764: (0, 9), 26778: (0, 4), 26792: (0, 3), 26806: (1, 2), 26820: (1, 0), 26834: (255, 5), 26848: (255, 1), 26862: (255, 0), 26876: (0, 1), 26890: (0, 3), 26904: (255, 2), 26918: (254, 1), 26932: (255, 1), 26946: (0, 1), 26960: (255, 7), 26974: (255, 2), 26988: (0, 2), 27002: (0, 2), 27016: (255, 6), 27030: (255, 3), 27044: (0, 2), 27058: (0, 2), 27072: (255, 3), 27086: (255, 4), 27100: (255, 2), 27114: (254, 2), 27128: (254, 2), 27142: (255, 8), 27156: (255, 3), 27170: (254, 2), 27184: (254, 1), 27198: (255, 8), 27212: (255, 2), 27226: (254, 1), 27240: (254, 1), 27254: (255, 7), 27268: (255, 3), 27282: (254, 2), 27296: (255, 1), 27310: (255, 7), 27324: (254, 3), 27338: (254, 2), 27352: (254, 2), 27366: (254, 3), 27380: (254, 5), 27394: (255, 3), 27408: (255, 3), 27422: (254, 3), 27436: (254, 8), 27450: (255, 4), 27464: (0, 4), 27478: (255, 3), 27492: (255, 3), 27506: (255, 8), 27520: (255, 4), 27534: (255, 3), 27548: (0, 3), 27562: (0, 3), 27576: (255, 6), 27590: (254, 3), 27604: (255, 3), 27618: (0, 2), 27632: (0, 4), 27646: (0, 2), 27660: (255, 1), 27674: (255, 2), 27688: (0, 4), 27702: (1, 8), 27716: (2, 4), 27730: (2, 3), 27744: (2, 5), 27758: (0, 9), 27772: (0, 6), 27786: (0, 4), 27800: (0, 4), 27814: (0, 9), 27828: (255, 4), 27842: (255, 4), 27856: (255, 3), 27870: (255, 7), 27884: (255, 5), 27898: (0, 3), 27912: (255, 3), 27926: (255, 5), 27940: (0, 6), 27954: (0, 3), 27968: (255, 3), 27982: (255, 2), 27996: (0, 7), 28010: (255, 3), 28024: (254, 2), 28038: (254, 1), 28052: (0, 8), 28066: (1, 4), 28080: (0, 3), 28094: (255, 2), 28108: (255, 3), 28122: (255, 7), 28136: (0, 3), 28150: (0, 3), 28164: (0, 3), 28178: (255, 6), 28192: (255, 3), 28206: (255, 2), 28220: (0, 1), 28234: (0, 2), 28248: (0, 4), 28262: (255, 1), 28276: (255, 0), 28290: (254, 0), 28304: (255, 6), 28318: (0, 2), 28332: (0, 2), 28346: (255, 2), 28360: (255, 7), 28374: (255, 1), 28388: (255, 1), 28402: (0, 1), 28416: (1, 7), 28430: (0, 2), 28444: (255, 2), 28458: (255, 1), 28472: (255, 6), 28486: (0, 2), 28500: (255, 1), 28514: (255, 1), 28528: (255, 5), 28542: (255, 3), 28556: (255, 1), 28570: (255, 1), 28584: (255, 4), 28598: (255, 4), 28612: (255, 2), 28626: (254, 2), 28640: (254, 3), 28654: (255, 4), 28668: (255, 2), 28682: (255, 2), 28696: (254, 1), 28710: (255, 6), 28724: (254, 2), 28738: (254, 1), 28752: (255, 2), 28766: (255, 8), 28780: (254, 3), 28794: (253, 2), 28808: (254, 2), 28822: (255, 6), 28836: (255, 3), 28850: (254, 2), 28864: (254, 2), 28878: (254, 1), 28892: (254, 7), 28906: (254, 2), 28920: (255, 2), 28934: (254, 2), 28948: (254, 3), 28962: (255, 4), 28976: (254, 2), 28990: (253, 1), 29004: (254, 1), 29018: (255, 1), 29032: (254, 6), 29046: (254, 2), 29060: (254, 3), 29074: (255, 4), 29088: (255, 3), 29102: (254, 7), 29116: (255, 5), 29130: (254, 3), 29144: (254, 3), 29158: (254, 2), 29172: (255, 4), 29186: (254, 6), 29200: (254, 3), 29214: (255, 4), 29228: (255, 3), 29242: (253, 2), 29256: (255, 7), 29270: (255, 3), 29284: (254, 2), 29298: (253, 2), 29312: (254, 2), 29326: (0, 5), 29340: (255, 1), 29354: (255, 1), 29368: (255, 3), 29382: (255, 6), 29396: (255, 4), 29410: (255, 3), 29424: (255, 3), 29438: (255, 3), 29452: (255, 8), 29466: (255, 4), 29480: (255, 3), 29494: (254, 3), 29508: (254, 6), 29522: (255, 4), 29536: (255, 3), 29550: (254, 3), 29564: (255, 3), 29578: (255, 8), 29592: (255, 3), 29606: (254, 2), 29620: (0, 3), 29634: (255, 7), 29648: (254, 3), 29662: (255, 2), 29676: (1, 3), 29690: (0, 4), 29704: (0, 5), 29718: (0, 3), 29732: (1, 2), 29746: (1, 3), 29760: (2, 7), 29774: (1, 3), 29788: (0, 3), 29802: (255, 2), 29816: (1, 8), 29830: (1, 3), 29844: (255, 2), 29858: (255, 3), 29872: (255, 9), 29886: (0, 4), 29900: (255, 3), 29914: (255, 3), 29928: (0, 7), 29942: (0, 3), 29956: (255, 2), 29970: (255, 1), 29984: (255, 7), 29998: (0, 2), 30012: (0, 1), 30026: (0, 1), 30040: (0, 5), 30054: (255, 0), 30068: (255, 0), 30082: (0, 1), 30096: (0, 5), 30110: (254, 2), 30124: (254, 1), 30138: (255, 3), 30152: (255, 4), 30166: (0, 1), 30180: (255, 1), 30194: (254, 4), 30208: (254, 3), 30222: (254, 1), 30236: (255, 1), 30250: (255, 5), 30264: (255, 4), 30278: (255, 3), 30292: (255, 3), 30306: (255, 5), 30320: (255, 5), 30334: (0, 3), 30348: (0, 3), 30362: (255, 4), 30376: (0, 5), 30390: (255, 3), 30404: (255, 3), 30418: (0, 4), 30432: (0, 6), 30446: (255, 3), 30460: (254, 3), 30474: (0, 4), 30488: (0, 6), 30502: (255, 3), 30516: (254, 1), 30530: (0, 1), 30544: (0, 7), 30558: (255, 2), 30572: (255, 2), 30586: (255, 2), 30600: (254, 8), 30614: (255, 3), 30628: (0, 3), 30642: (255, 2), 30656: (253, 4), 30670: (255, 3), 30684: (0, 2), 30698: (254, 1), 30712: (253, 1), 30726: (254, 7), 30740: (255, 3), 30754: (255, 2), 30768: (254, 2), 30782: (255, 4), 30796: (255, 4), 30810: (255, 2), 30824: (255, 2), 30838: (255, 2), 30852: (255, 8), 30866: (255, 4), 30880: (0, 3), 30894: (0, 4), 30908: (255, 6), 30922: (255, 7), 30936: (0, 5), 30950: (255, 4), 30964: (254, 5), 30978: (254, 5), 30992: (255, 3), 31006: (255, 3), 31020: (254, 2), 31034: (255, 8), 31048: (254, 4), 31062: (254, 2), 31076: (255, 2), 31090: (255, 6), 31104: (255, 3), 31118: (254, 2), 31132: (254, 3), 31146: (255, 6), 31160: (255, 4), 31174: (255, 3), 31188: (255, 2), 31202: (0, 4), 31216: (255, 5), 31230: (254, 3), 31244: (254, 2), 31258: (255, 2), 31272: (255, 8), 31286: (255, 4), 31300: (255, 3), 31314: (254, 3), 31328: (254, 9), 31342: (255, 4), 31356: (0, 3), 31370: (255, 2), 31384: (255, 8), 31398: (255, 3), 31412: (255, 2), 31426: (255, 2), 31440: (255, 8), 31454: (255, 3), 31468: (254, 2), 31482: (255, 2), 31496: (255, 8), 31510: (254, 3), 31524: (254, 2), 31538: (255, 2), 31552: (255, 7), 31566: (254, 3), 31580: (253, 2), 31594: (254, 2), 31608: (255, 5), 31622: (255, 3), 31636: (254, 2), 31650: (254, 2), 31664: (254, 4), 31678: (255, 4), 31692: (255, 2), 31706: (255, 3), 31720: (254, 4), 31734: (255, 6), 31748: (255, 4), 31762: (255, 3), 31776: (254, 3), 31790: (255, 7), 31804: (255, 4), 31818: (254, 3), 31832: (253, 2), 31846: (255, 8), 31860: (255, 4), 31874: (255, 3), 31888: (255, 3), 31902: (254, 7), 31916: (254, 4), 31930: (254, 3), 31944: (255, 3), 31958: (255, 6), 31972: (254, 5), 31986: (254, 3), 32000: (255, 4), 32014: (0, 4), 32028: (255, 8), 32042: (255, 3), 32056: (255, 3), 32070: (255, 2), 32084: (255, 8), 32098: (255, 3), 32112: (255, 3), 32126: (255, 3), 32140: (255, 6), 32154: (255, 5), 32168: (254, 3), 32182: (254, 3), 32196: (255, 4), 32210: (0, 6), 32224: (255, 2), 32238: (254, 2), 32252: (254, 2), 32266: (254, 8), 32280: (254, 3), 32294: (255, 2), 32308: (254, 2), 32322: (255, 9), 32336: (255, 4), 32350: (254, 3), 32364: (255, 2), 32378: (254, 6), 32392: (254, 3), 32406: (254, 2), 32420: (254, 2), 32434: (253, 2), 32448: (254, 7), 32462: (255, 3), 32476: (254, 2), 32490: (255, 3), 32504: (255, 8), 32518: (255, 3), 32532: (255, 3), 32546: (255, 3), 32560: (255, 3), 32574: (254, 7), 32588: (254, 3), 32602: (255, 3), 32616: (0, 3), 32630: (254, 6), 32644: (254, 5), 32658: (255, 4), 32672: (255, 3), 32686: (254, 3), 32700: (255, 9), 32714: (255, 4), 32728: (254, 3), 32742: (254, 3), 32756: (255, 4), 32770: (255, 6), 32784: (254, 4), 32798: (255, 4), 32812: (255, 3), 32826: (255, 8), 32840: (254, 4), 32854: (255, 3), 32868: (0, 4), 32882: (255, 8), 32896: (0, 5), 32910: (1, 5), 32924: (1, 5), 32938: (1, 5), 32952: (1, 6), 32966: (2, 5), 32980: (1, 4), 32994: (0, 2), 33008: (2, 6), 33022: (1, 4), 33036: (0, 4), 33050: (0, 4), 33064: (0, 8), 33078: (1, 5), 33092: (255, 3), 33106: (255, 2), 33120: (255, 9), 33134: (255, 3), 33148: (255, 2), 33162: (255, 3), 33176: (255, 6), 33190: (255, 5), 33204: (255, 3), 33218: (255, 4), 33232: (255, 5), 33246: (254, 4), 33260: (255, 2), 33274: (255, 2), 33288: (255, 5), 33302: (255, 3), 33316: (255, 2), 33330: (254, 1), 33344: (255, 6), 33358: (255, 3), 33372: (255, 2), 33386: (254, 2), 33400: (254, 4), 33414: (255, 3), 33428: (255, 2), 33442: (254, 2), 33456: (255, 4), 33470: (1, 6), 33484: (1, 3), 33498: (0, 3), 33512: (0, 2), 33526: (1, 9), 33540: (0, 5), 33554: (0, 4), 33568: (0, 3), 33582: (255, 8), 33596: (254, 4), 33610: (255, 3), 33624: (2, 4), 33638: (1, 9), 33652: (255, 2), 33666: (255, 3), 33680: (1, 4), 33694: (0, 9), 33708: (255, 3), 33722: (0, 4), 33736: (1, 3), 33750: (0, 9), 33764: (1, 4), 33778: (1, 2), 33792: (1, 3), 33806: (1, 8), 33820: (1, 4), 33834: (0, 3), 33848: (255, 2), 33862: (255, 8), 33876: (0, 3), 33890: (1, 3), 33904: (255, 2), 33918: (255, 7), 33932: (255, 2), 33946: (0, 2), 33960: (0, 1), 33974: (255, 2), 33988: (255, 4), 34002: (254, 2), 34016: (254, 1), 34030: (255, 6), 34044: (0, 5), 34058: (254, 3), 34072: (254, 2), 34086: (255, 6), 34100: (255, 4), 34114: (255, 3), 34128: (0, 2), 34142: (1, 5), 34156: (0, 5), 34170: (0, 4), 34184: (255, 2), 34198: (0, 3), 34212: (0, 6), 34226: (0, 4), 34240: (0, 3), 34254: (255, 3), 34268: (255, 8), 34282: (0, 3), 34296: (0, 2), 34310: (255, 1), 34324: (255, 7), 34338: (0, 3), 34352: (0, 0), 34366: (0, 127), 34380: (0, 3), 34394: (1, 0), 34408: (0, 0), 34422: (0, 0), 34436: (255, 6), 34450: (255, 3), 34464: (0, 2), 34478: (1, 2), 34492: (0, 5), 34506: (255, 4), 34520: (255, 3), 34534: (0, 3), 34548: (0, 3), 34562: (0, 7), 34576: (255, 4), 34590: (255, 3), 34604: (255, 3), 34618: (0, 8), 34632: (255, 4), 34646: (0, 3), 34660: (255, 3), 34674: (0, 9), 34688: (255, 4), 34702: (255, 4), 34716: (255, 3), 34730: (0, 8), 34744: (1, 4), 34758: (0, 3), 34772: (255, 2), 34786: (255, 7), 34800: (0, 3), 34814: (0, 2), 34828: (255, 2), 34842: (255, 8), 34856: (255, 3), 34870: (255, 2), 34884: (0, 2), 34898: (0, 7), 34912: (255, 3), 34926: (255, 2), 34940: (254, 1), 34954: (255, 8), 34968: (255, 3), 34982: (255, 2), 34996: (255, 2), 35010: (255, 8), 35024: (254, 3), 35038: (253, 2), 35052: (254, 2), 35066: (255, 8), 35080: (254, 3), 35094: (254, 3), 35108: (254, 2), 35122: (254, 8), 35136: (254, 3), 35150: (255, 3), 35164: (255, 3), 35178: (254, 7), 35192: (254, 3), 35206: (255, 3), 35220: (0, 3), 35234: (255, 8), 35248: (255, 4), 35262: (255, 3), 35276: (255, 4), 35290: (254, 8), 35304: (255, 5), 35318: (255, 3), 35332: (255, 2), 35346: (0, 8), 35360: (1, 5), 35374: (255, 3), 35388: (255, 1), 35402: (1, 5), 35416: (3, 6), 35430: (1, 4), 35444: (255, 3), 35458: (255, 4), 35472: (0, 6), 35486: (0, 4), 35500: (255, 3), 35514: (255, 4), 35528: (255, 7), 35542: (255, 4), 35556: (255, 3), 35570: (255, 4), 35584: (255, 8), 35598: (255, 4), 35612: (0, 4), 35626: (255, 3), 35640: (254, 9), 35654: (254, 4), 35668: (255, 4), 35682: (0, 4), 35696: (255, 9), 35710: (254, 4), 35724: (255, 3), 35738: (0, 3), 35752: (0, 8), 35766: (255, 4), 35780: (254, 3), 35794: (254, 2), 35808: (255, 6), 35822: (255, 4), 35836: (254, 2), 35850: (254, 2), 35864: (254, 6), 35878: (255, 4), 35892: (255, 4), 35906: (255, 4), 35920: (255, 4), 35934: (255, 4), 35948: (254, 3), 35962: (254, 2), 35976: (254, 2), 35990: (254, 7), 36004: (254, 3), 36018: (255, 3), 36032: (253, 2), 36046: (254, 5), 36060: (255, 3), 36074: (0, 4), 36088: (254, 2), 36102: (254, 2), 36116: (255, 8), 36130: (0, 4), 36144: (255, 4), 36158: (255, 4), 36172: (255, 7), 36186: (254, 5), 36200: (255, 3), 36214: (255, 3), 36228: (255, 3), 36242: (255, 5), 36256: (255, 1), 36270: (0, 1), 36284: (255, 1), 36298: (254, 6), 36312: (0, 3), 36326: (0, 2), 36340: (255, 2), 36354: (255, 3), 36368: (0, 5), 36382: (0, 3), 36396: (0, 3), 36410: (255, 3), 36424: (0, 8), 36438: (255, 3), 36452: (255, 1), 36466: (0, 1), 36480: (0, 1), 36494: (255, 5), 36508: (254, 2), 36522: (0, 4), 36536: (0, 4), 36550: (255, 8), 36564: (255, 3), 36578: (255, 2), 36592: (253, 2), 36606: (253, 7), 36620: (254, 3), 36634: (255, 3), 36648: (254, 2), 36662: (254, 2), 36676: (255, 6), 36690: (255, 3), 36704: (255, 3), 36718: (255, 2), 36732: (255, 8), 36746: (0, 4), 36760: (255, 3), 36774: (255, 3), 36788: (255, 5), 36802: (255, 5), 36816: (255, 4), 36830: (0, 4), 36844: (255, 3), 36858: (255, 8), 36872: (255, 3), 36886: (255, 2), 36900: (254, 0), 36914: (255, 6), 36928: (255, 1), 36942: (255, 1), 36956: (255, 2), 36970: (254, 1), 36984: (0, 6), 36998: (0, 2), 37012: (0, 2), 37026: (0, 3), 37040: (0, 7), 37054: (0, 3), 37068: (0, 3), 37082: (0, 2), 37096: (0, 7), 37110: (255, 4), 37124: (254, 2), 37138: (255, 3), 37152: (0, 3), 37166: (1, 8), 37180: (1, 4), 37194: (1, 5), 37208: (255, 4), 37222: (255, 8), 37236: (0, 3), 37250: (0, 1), 37264: (255, 2), 37278: (255, 8), 37292: (255, 2), 37306: (254, 1), 37320: (254, 2), 37334: (255, 7), 37348: (0, 3), 37362: (254, 2), 37376: (253, 2), 37390: (254, 7), 37404: (255, 3), 37418: (255, 2), 37432: (255, 3), 37446: (0, 8), 37460: (254, 4), 37474: (254, 2), 37488: (254, 2), 37502: (255, 5), 37516: (255, 5), 37530: (254, 4), 37544: (255, 3), 37558: (255, 6), 37572: (254, 6), 37586: (254, 4), 37600: (0, 4), 37614: (0, 6), 37628: (255, 7), 37642: (255, 4), 37656: (255, 4), 37670: (0, 4), 37684: (0, 8), 37698: (0, 4), 37712: (255, 3), 37726: (254, 3), 37740: (255, 8), 37754: (255, 5), 37768: (255, 3), 37782: (254, 3), 37796: (255, 9), 37810: (0, 5), 37824: (255, 3), 37838: (254, 3), 37852: (255, 10), 37866: (255, 5), 37880: (255, 4), 37894: (0, 4), 37908: (255, 8), 37922: (255, 3), 37936: (0, 4), 37950: (1, 3), 37964: (0, 3), 37978: (255, 8), 37992: (255, 4), 38006: (255, 3), 38020: (255, 3), 38034: (255, 3), 38048: (255, 6), 38062: (255, 3), 38076: (255, 1), 38090: (0, 0), 38104: (1, 127), 38118: (0, 4), 38132: (0, 127), 38146: (0, 126), 38160: (1, 125), 38174: (255, 2), 38188: (255, 1), 38202: (0, 2), 38216: (0, 2), 38230: (255, 4), 38244: (255, 3), 38258: (0, 2), 38272: (0, 2), 38286: (255, 2), 38300: (0, 5), 38314: (0, 2), 38328: (255, 2), 38342: (255, 1), 38356: (1, 5), 38370: (0, 1), 38384: (0, 0), 38398: (0, 127), 38412: (0, 4), 38426: (0, 0), 38440: (255, 0), 38454: (255, 0), 38468: (0, 4), 38482: (0, 2), 38496: (255, 1), 38510: (255, 1), 38524: (0, 2), 38538: (0, 6), 38552: (0, 3), 38566: (0, 2), 38580: (255, 2), 38594: (254, 6), 38608: (0, 3), 38622: (0, 3), 38636: (255, 2), 38650: (254, 6), 38664: (255, 4), 38678: (0, 4), 38692: (255, 4), 38706: (255, 4), 38720: (0, 5), 38734: (0, 2), 38748: (0, 1), 38762: (1, 127), 38776: (2, 3), 38790: (2, 127), 38804: (1, 126), 38818: (1, 127), 38832: (0, 5), 38846: (0, 1), 38860: (0, 1), 38874: (0, 2), 38888: (0, 5), 38902: (255, 3), 38916: (0, 2), 38930: (0, 2), 38944: (0, 3), 38958: (0, 4), 38972: (255, 2), 38986: (254, 1), 39000: (254, 1), 39014: (255, 6), 39028: (0, 3), 39042: (255, 3), 39056: (254, 2), 39070: (255, 8), 39084: (255, 4), 39098: (254, 3), 39112: (255, 2), 39126: (0, 8), 39140: (0, 4), 39154: (255, 3), 39168: (255, 2), 39182: (255, 4), 39196: (255, 5), 39210: (255, 3), 39224: (0, 3), 39238: (255, 3), 39252: (254, 6), 39266: (255, 3), 39280: (255, 3), 39294: (0, 3), 39308: (255, 8), 39322: (255, 3), 39336: (255, 3), 39350: (255, 3), 39364: (255, 9), 39378: (0, 4), 39392: (0, 4), 39406: (255, 3), 39420: (255, 9), 39434: (255, 4), 39448: (255, 3), 39462: (255, 3), 39476: (255, 8), 39490: (255, 4), 39504: (254, 2), 39518: (254, 2), 39532: (0, 6), 39546: (0, 3), 39560: (255, 2), 39574: (254, 2), 39588: (254, 5), 39602: (0, 7), 39616: (0, 4), 39630: (255, 4), 39644: (255, 3), 39658: (254, 7), 39672: (255, 4), 39686: (255, 3), 39700: (254, 3), 39714: (254, 9), 39728: (255, 4), 39742: (255, 4), 39756: (254, 3), 39770: (255, 9), 39784: (0, 5), 39798: (255, 4), 39812: (255, 4), 39826: (255, 8), 39840: (255, 4), 39854: (254, 2), 39868: (254, 2), 39882: (255, 7), 39896: (255, 4), 39910: (255, 3), 39924: (255, 3), 39938: (0, 8), 39952: (0, 5), 39966: (254, 3), 39980: (253, 2), 39994: (255, 5), 40008: (255, 5), 40022: (255, 4), 40036: (254, 3), 40050: (254, 3), 40064: (254, 7), 40078: (254, 3), 40092: (255, 3), 40106: (254, 2), 40120: (254, 3), 40134: (254, 6), 40148: (254, 3), 40162: (254, 3), 40176: (253, 2), 40190: (254, 3), 40204: (255, 6), 40218: (254, 4), 40232: (254, 3), 40246: (254, 3), 40260: (255, 5), 40274: (255, 6), 40288: (0, 5), 40302: (255, 5), 40316: (254, 2), 40330: (254, 7), 40344: (1, 5), 40358: (0, 4), 40372: (254, 3), 40386: (254, 3), 40400: (255, 7), 40414: (0, 5), 40428: (255, 3), 40442: (255, 2), 40456: (255, 3), 40470: (255, 6), 40484: (255, 4), 40498: (254, 3), 40512: (254, 2), 40526: (255, 1), 40540: (0, 6), 40554: (255, 2), 40568: (255, 1), 40582: (254, 1), 40596: (255, 0), 40610: (1, 6), 40624: (0, 2), 40638: (255, 1), 40652: (255, 1), 40666: (255, 4), 40680: (255, 4), 40694: (255, 2), 40708: (0, 2), 40722: (255, 1), 40736: (255, 7), 40750: (255, 2), 40764: (255, 1), 40778: (255, 1), 40792: (255, 5), 40806: (1, 2), 40820: (1, 0), 40834: (255, 0), 40848: (254, 0), 40862: (255, 6), 40876: (0, 2), 40890: (0, 2), 40904: (0, 2), 40918: (255, 6), 40932: (255, 3), 40946: (255, 2), 40960: (0, 2), 40974: (255, 1), 40988: (255, 6), 41002: (255, 2), 41016: (254, 2), 41030: (254, 2), 41044: (254, 6), 41058: (255, 3), 41072: (254, 2), 41086: (254, 2), 41100: (255, 4), 41114: (0, 5), 41128: (0, 4), 41142: (0, 4), 41156: (255, 3), 41170: (255, 9), 41184: (254, 4), 41198: (254, 4), 41212: (0, 4), 41226: (0, 8), 41240: (255, 5), 41254: (254, 3), 41268: (0, 2), 41282: (255, 2), 41296: (255, 8), 41310: (255, 3), 41324: (255, 3), 41338: (255, 3), 41352: (254, 8), 41366: (255, 5), 41380: (255, 3), 41394: (254, 3), 41408: (254, 7), 41422: (255, 5), 41436: (254, 3), 41450: (254, 3), 41464: (254, 3), 41478: (255, 9), 41492: (254, 4), 41506: (254, 3), 41520: (255, 4), 41534: (255, 9), 41548: (254, 4), 41562: (254, 3), 41576: (0, 3), 41590: (255, 5), 41604: (254, 4), 41618: (255, 4), 41632: (255, 3), 41646: (254, 2), 41660: (255, 7), 41674: (0, 4), 41688: (255, 2), 41702: (254, 2), 41716: (255, 7), 41730: (255, 4), 41744: (0, 2), 41758: (0, 0), 41772: (255, 1), 41786: (255, 6), 41800: (255, 2), 41814: (255, 2), 41828: (255, 1), 41842: (254, 5), 41856: (254, 4), 41870: (255, 3), 41884: (255, 3), 41898: (255, 4), 41912: (255, 8), 41926: (255, 3), 41940: (254, 3), 41954: (254, 3), 41968: (254, 6), 41982: (255, 5), 41996: (254, 3), 42010: (254, 3), 42024: (254, 2), 42038: (254, 8), 42052: (254, 3), 42066: (254, 3), 42080: (255, 3), 42094: (254, 6), 42108: (254, 4), 42122: (253, 3), 42136: (254, 2), 42150: (254, 2), 42164: (254, 8), 42178: (254, 3), 42192: (254, 3), 42206: (254, 3), 42220: (255, 7), 42234: (255, 5), 42248: (255, 4), 42262: (254, 3), 42276: (254, 4), 42290: (255, 8), 42304: (255, 4), 42318: (255, 4), 42332: (255, 3), 42346: (255, 3), 42360: (254, 8), 42374: (254, 3), 42388: (255, 2), 42402: (255, 2), 42416: (255, 2), 42430: (255, 5), 42444: (255, 4), 42458: (254, 4), 42472: (254, 3), 42486: (255, 9), 42500: (255, 5), 42514: (255, 4), 42528: (254, 4), 42542: (255, 8), 42556: (255, 5), 42570: (254, 4), 42584: (254, 5), 42598: (254, 4), 42612: (255, 9), 42626: (254, 5), 42640: (254, 4), 42654: (255, 5), 42668: (0, 7), 42682: (1, 4), 42696: (1, 3), 42710: (0, 3), 42724: (0, 2), 42738: (1, 6), 42752: (1, 3), 42766: (0, 3), 42780: (255, 2), 42794: (0, 8), 42808: (1, 4), 42822: (255, 2), 42836: (0, 3), 42850: (255, 3), 42864: (255, 5), 42878: (255, 2), 42892: (255, 2), 42906: (255, 2), 42920: (255, 6), 42934: (0, 3), 42948: (0, 2), 42962: (255, 1), 42976: (255, 1), 42990: (0, 1), 43004: (1, 0), 43018: (1, 0), 43032: (1, 126), 43046: (0, 4), 43060: (0, 3), 43074: (255, 2), 43088: (255, 3), 43102: (255, 5), 43116: (255, 4), 43130: (254, 2), 43144: (255, 3), 43158: (255, 3), 43172: (255, 5), 43186: (255, 3), 43200: (255, 2), 43214: (255, 3), 43228: (255, 7), 43242: (255, 3), 43256: (0, 2), 43270: (255, 2), 43284: (255, 7), 43298: (255, 3), 43312: (255, 2), 43326: (255, 3), 43340: (255, 8), 43354: (0, 3), 43368: (255, 3), 43382: (254, 2), 43396: (255, 8), 43410: (0, 3), 43424: (255, 2), 43438: (255, 2), 43452: (255, 7), 43466: (255, 3), 43480: (254, 2), 43494: (255, 2), 43508: (255, 7), 43522: (255, 3), 43536: (255, 3), 43550: (0, 3), 43564: (0, 6), 43578: (255, 5), 43592: (254, 3), 43606: (255, 3), 43620: (0, 5), 43634: (255, 6), 43648: (254, 3), 43662: (254, 2), 43676: (254, 2), 43690: (254, 7), 43704: (253, 2), 43718: (254, 2), 43732: (254, 2), 43746: (254, 8), 43760: (254, 3), 43774: (253, 2), 43788: (253, 2), 43802: (254, 5), 43816: (255, 4), 43830: (254, 2), 43844: (253, 1), 43858: (253, 1), 43872: (254, 9), 43886: (254, 5), 43900: (254, 4), 43914: (254, 3), 43928: (254, 4), 43942: (254, 9), 43956: (254, 4), 43970: (255, 5), 43984: (255, 4), 43998: (254, 3), 44012: (255, 9), 44026: (255, 5), 44040: (254, 4), 44054: (254, 4), 44068: (255, 6), 44082: (0, 7), 44096: (254, 5), 44110: (254, 4), 44124: (254, 3), 44138: (255, 9), 44152: (255, 5), 44166: (255, 3), 44180: (255, 3), 44194: (254, 5), 44208: (255, 7), 44222: (254, 4), 44236: (254, 5), 44250: (254, 4), 44264: (255, 9), 44278: (255, 5), 44292: (254, 4), 44306: (253, 4), 44320: (253, 8), 44334: (255, 5), 44348: (254, 4), 44362: (254, 3), 44376: (253, 7), 44390: (254, 4), 44404: (254, 3), 44418: (254, 2), 44432: (255, 5), 44446: (254, 4), 44460: (254, 2), 44474: (254, 1), 44488: (254, 0), 44502: (254, 5), 44516: (254, 2), 44530: (254, 2), 44544: (254, 2), 44558: (253, 7), 44572: (253, 2), 44586: (253, 2), 44600: (254, 2), 44614: (254, 8), 44628: (254, 3), 44642: (253, 2), 44656: (252, 2), 44670: (254, 9), 44684: (255, 4), 44698: (254, 4), 44712: (254, 4), 44726: (253, 3), 44740: (255, 8), 44754: (254, 5), 44768: (254, 4), 44782: (254, 3), 44796: (254, 8), 44810: (254, 6), 44824: (254, 4), 44838: (254, 3), 44852: (254, 4), 44866: (255, 8), 44880: (254, 4), 44894: (254, 4), 44908: (253, 4), 44922: (254, 9), 44936: (0, 5), 44950: (255, 5), 44964: (254, 3), 44978: (254, 4), 44992: (254, 9), 45006: (255, 5), 45020: (255, 5), 45034: (254, 4), 45048: (255, 8), 45062: (255, 7), 45076: (0, 4), 45090: (1, 4), 45104: (1, 4), 45118: (0, 9), 45132: (1, 6), 45146: (2, 5), 45160: (2, 3), 45174: (255, 9), 45188: (0, 4), 45202: (0, 4), 45216: (255, 4), 45230: (254, 8), 45244: (255, 5), 45258: (255, 4), 45272: (255, 3), 45286: (255, 6), 45300: (255, 6), 45314: (254, 3), 45328: (254, 2), 45342: (255, 2), 45356: (1, 5), 45370: (255, 0), 45384: (254, 1), 45398: (255, 2), 45412: (255, 8), 45426: (254, 3), 45440: (254, 2), 45454: (254, 2), 45468: (255, 8), 45482: (254, 3), 45496: (254, 2), 45510: (254, 1), 45524: (254, 7), 45538: (255, 3), 45552: (254, 2), 45566: (255, 3), 45580: (255, 3), 45594: (0, 8), 45608: (1, 5), 45622: (1, 5), 45636: (0, 4), 45650: (0, 8), 45664: (0, 5), 45678: (255, 3), 45692: (255, 3), 45706: (255, 6), 45720: (255, 4), 45734: (254, 3), 45748: (255, 2), 45762: (255, 4), 45776: (255, 5), 45790: (255, 4), 45804: (255, 3), 45818: (255, 4), 45832: (254, 7), 45846: (254, 3), 45860: (255, 4), 45874: (255, 3), 45888: (254, 7), 45902: (254, 3), 45916: (254, 3), 45930: (255, 3), 45944: (254, 9), 45958: (255, 4), 45972: (254, 4), 45986: (253, 3), 46000: (253, 7), 46014: (255, 5), 46028: (255, 4), 46042: (254, 3), 46056: (254, 4), 46070: (255, 5), 46084: (254, 3), 46098: (254, 2), 46112: (255, 1), 46126: (255, 8), 46140: (255, 3), 46154: (254, 3), 46168: (255, 2), 46182: (255, 6), 46196: (255, 3), 46210: (0, 3), 46224: (255, 3), 46238: (254, 4), 46252: (254, 4), 46266: (254, 3), 46280: (254, 3), 46294: (254, 2), 46308: (255, 8), 46322: (0, 5), 46336: (0, 3), 46350: (0, 4), 46364: (0, 4), 46378: (1, 5), 46392: (0, 5), 46406: (255, 4), 46420: (0, 3), 46434: (255, 8), 46448: (255, 4), 46462: (255, 4), 46476: (255, 4), 46490: (255, 4), 46504: (254, 6), 46518: (254, 5), 46532: (255, 4), 46546: (255, 4), 46560: (254, 4), 46574: (254, 8), 46588: (255, 4), 46602: (255, 4), 46616: (0, 4), 46630: (0, 4), 46644: (255, 5), 46658: (255, 3), 46672: (0, 2), 46686: (0, 2), 46700: (255, 6), 46714: (255, 2), 46728: (255, 2), 46742: (0, 2), 46756: (255, 2), 46770: (255, 6), 46784: (255, 3), 46798: (255, 3), 46812: (255, 3), 46826: (255, 9), 46840: (254, 5), 46854: (254, 4), 46868: (255, 4), 46882: (0, 9), 46896: (254, 4), 46910: (253, 3), 46924: (255, 4), 46938: (255, 7), 46952: (254, 5), 46966: (254, 3), 46980: (255, 3), 46994: (254, 5), 47008: (255, 6), 47022: (255, 4), 47036: (254, 3), 47050: (253, 2), 47064: (254, 6), 47078: (255, 3), 47092: (255, 2), 47106: (254, 2), 47120: (255, 7), 47134: (0, 3), 47148: (255, 3), 47162: (255, 2), 47176: (0, 7), 47190: (1, 1), 47204: (1, 1), 47218: (0, 0), 47232: (0, 4), 47246: (0, 127), 47260: (255, 0), 47274: (255, 0), 47288: (0, 7), 47302: (255, 3), 47316: (254, 2), 47330: (254, 2), 47344: (255, 7), 47358: (255, 5), 47372: (254, 3), 47386: (254, 3), 47400: (255, 5), 47414: (255, 6), 47428: (254, 4), 47442: (255, 4), 47456: (255, 5), 47470: (255, 7), 47484: (254, 4), 47498: (253, 3), 47512: (253, 6), 47526: (254, 5), 47540: (255, 4), 47554: (254, 3), 47568: (253, 4), 47582: (253, 5), 47596: (255, 4), 47610: (255, 3), 47624: (255, 4), 47638: (255, 7), 47652: (254, 3), 47666: (255, 4), 47680: (254, 3), 47694: (255, 8), 47708: (255, 4), 47722: (255, 4), 47736: (255, 4), 47750: (255, 8), 47764: (254, 4), 47778: (254, 3), 47792: (255, 4), 47806: (0, 10), 47820: (255, 5), 47834: (254, 3), 47848: (254, 3), 47862: (255, 9), 47876: (255, 5), 47890: (255, 4), 47904: (255, 4), 47918: (254, 8), 47932: (254, 5), 47946: (254, 4), 47960: (254, 4), 47974: (255, 10), 47988: (255, 5), 48002: (255, 5), 48016: (254, 4), 48030: (255, 8), 48044: (255, 3), 48058: (255, 3), 48072: (255, 4), 48086: (254, 8), 48100: (255, 4), 48114: (254, 3), 48128: (255, 3), 48142: (255, 9), 48156: (255, 4), 48170: (254, 3), 48184: (254, 3), 48198: (254, 8), 48212: (255, 3), 48226: (254, 2), 48240: (253, 2), 48254: (254, 7), 48268: (254, 3), 48282: (254, 2), 48296: (254, 1), 48310: (254, 6), 48324: (254, 4), 48338: (254, 3), 48352: (253, 2), 48366: (254, 5), 48380: (253, 4), 48394: (254, 3), 48408: (254, 3), 48422: (254, 4), 48436: (253, 6), 48450: (252, 3), 48464: (254, 3), 48478: (255, 3), 48492: (254, 10), 48506: (254, 4), 48520: (254, 4), 48534: (254, 4), 48548: (254, 4), 48562: (255, 7), 48576: (254, 4), 48590: (254, 4), 48604: (254, 3), 48618: (255, 9), 48632: (254, 5), 48646: (254, 4), 48660: (255, 4), 48674: (255, 5), 48688: (254, 9), 48702: (254, 5), 48716: (254, 5), 48730: (255, 4), 48744: (255, 10), 48758: (254, 5), 48772: (254, 5), 48786: (255, 4), 48800: (255, 6), 48814: (0, 6), 48828: (255, 4), 48842: (254, 4), 48856: (255, 4), 48870: (255, 9), 48884: (255, 4), 48898: (254, 3), 48912: (255, 3), 48926: (255, 8), 48940: (254, 4), 48954: (253, 2), 48968: (254, 2), 48982: (254, 2), 48996: (254, 7), 49010: (254, 3), 49024: (254, 3), 49038: (253, 2), 49052: (254, 9), 49066: (255, 4), 49080: (255, 3), 49094: (255, 4), 49108: (254, 8), 49122: (255, 3), 49136: (1, 4), 49150: (1, 5), 49164: (0, 9), 49178: (0, 5), 49192: (0, 4), 49206: (0, 2), 49220: (0, 8), 49234: (0, 3), 49248: (255, 2), 49262: (0, 2), 49276: (1, 8), 49290: (0, 3), 49304: (255, 2), 49318: (255, 2), 49332: (0, 8), 49346: (0, 4), 49360: (254, 2), 49374: (254, 2), 49388: (255, 8), 49402: (255, 4), 49416: (254, 3), 49430: (254, 2), 49444: (253, 4), 49458: (253, 4), 49472: (254, 2), 49486: (254, 2), 49500: (254, 3), 49514: (254, 4), 49528: (254, 2), 49542: (253, 1), 49556: (253, 2), 49570: (254, 5), 49584: (254, 2), 49598: (254, 2), 49612: (253, 1), 49626: (253, 7), 49640: (253, 3), 49654: (254, 3), 49668: (255, 3), 49682: (255, 4), 49696: (254, 6), 49710: (253, 3), 49724: (253, 2), 49738: (254, 2), 49752: (255, 4), 49766: (254, 5), 49780: (253, 2), 49794: (254, 2), 49808: (254, 2), 49822: (255, 6), 49836: (255, 5), 49850: (0, 2), 49864: (0, 3), 49878: (1, 5), 49892: (1, 6), 49906: (255, 8), 49920: (255, 5), 49934: (255, 4), 49948: (255, 4), 49962: (254, 4), 49976: (254, 9), 49990: (255, 4), 50004: (0, 4), 50018: (255, 3), 50032: (254, 2), 50046: (255, 2), 50060: (0, 1), 50074: (0, 2), 50088: (2, 1), 50102: (2, 5), 50116: (1, 4), 50130: (255, 3), 50144: (255, 3), 50158: (0, 3), 50172: (255, 8), 50186: (255, 3), 50200: (0, 4), 50214: (255, 3), 50228: (255, 8), 50242: (0, 4), 50256: (0, 3), 50270: (0, 3), 50284: (0, 4), 50298: (1, 7), 50312: (1, 5), 50326: (1, 3), 50340: (1, 3), 50354: (1, 8), 50368: (0, 6), 50382: (0, 4), 50396: (0, 4), 50410: (255, 8), 50424: (254, 4), 50438: (254, 3), 50452: (255, 3), 50466: (255, 4), 50480: (255, 5), 50494: (0, 3), 50508: (0, 2), 50522: (254, 2), 50536: (254, 7), 50550: (254, 3), 50564: (255, 3), 50578: (255, 2), 50592: (255, 8), 50606: (0, 3), 50620: (255, 2), 50634: (254, 3), 50648: (254, 7), 50662: (0, 4), 50676: (255, 4), 50690: (254, 3), 50704: (254, 4), 50718: (255, 5), 50732: (0, 4), 50746: (0, 3), 50760: (255, 3), 50774: (255, 6), 50788: (255, 3), 50802: (0, 2), 50816: (0, 2), 50830: (255, 8), 50844: (254, 4), 50858: (255, 3), 50872: (254, 3), 50886: (254, 8), 50900: (254, 4), 50914: (255, 3), 50928: (255, 3), 50942: (254, 7), 50956: (254, 3), 50970: (254, 3), 50984: (255, 3), 50998: (0, 8), 51012: (0, 4), 51026: (0, 3), 51040: (0, 3), 51054: (0, 6), 51068: (1, 6), 51082: (1, 5), 51096: (255, 3), 51110: (254, 5), 51124: (254, 6), 51138: (255, 4), 51152: (254, 4), 51166: (255, 3), 51180: (255, 8), 51194: (255, 5), 51208: (254, 4), 51222: (255, 4), 51236: (255, 8), 51250: (0, 4), 51264: (0, 4), 51278: (255, 3), 51292: (255, 9), 51306: (254, 4), 51320: (255, 3), 51334: (255, 2), 51348: (255, 8), 51362: (255, 4), 51376: (255, 2), 51390: (255, 2), 51404: (255, 8), 51418: (0, 4), 51432: (0, 2), 51446: (255, 2), 51460: (254, 7), 51474: (255, 3), 51488: (254, 3), 51502: (254, 2), 51516: (255, 5), 51530: (0, 5), 51544: (255, 3), 51558: (254, 3), 51572: (254, 5), 51586: (0, 5), 51600: (255, 3), 51614: (255, 3), 51628: (254, 3), 51642: (255, 7), 51656: (255, 5), 51670: (255, 4), 51684: (255, 4), 51698: (255, 8), 51712: (254, 3), 51726: (255, 3), 51740: (1, 5), 51754: (1, 11), 51768: (1, 4), 51782: (2, 3), 51796: (2, 3), 51810: (0, 9), 51824: (1, 4), 51838: (2, 3), 51852: (1, 4), 51866: (0, 10), 51880: (0, 5), 51894: (255, 4), 51908: (254, 3), 51922: (0, 9), 51936: (1, 4), 51950: (1, 3), 51964: (255, 3), 51978: (255, 8), 51992: (255, 4), 52006: (0, 4), 52020: (255, 4), 52034: (255, 7), 52048: (0, 4), 52062: (255, 3), 52076: (255, 4), 52090: (0, 7), 52104: (0, 5), 52118: (255, 4), 52132: (0, 5), 52146: (0, 6), 52160: (255, 3), 52174: (0, 2), 52188: (1, 3), 52202: (1, 2), 52216: (0, 126), 52230: (0, 126), 52244: (1, 3), 52258: (1, 2), 52272: (0, 0), 52286: (0, 0), 52300: (0, 4), 52314: (255, 4), 52328: (255, 2), 52342: (0, 3), 52356: (0, 8), 52370: (255, 5), 52384: (255, 3), 52398: (255, 4), 52412: (255, 8), 52426: (255, 4), 52440: (255, 3), 52454: (0, 3), 52468: (255, 8), 52482: (254, 3), 52496: (254, 2), 52510: (254, 2), 52524: (255, 8), 52538: (255, 2), 52552: (254, 2), 52566: (253, 2), 52580: (254, 8), 52594: (254, 3), 52608: (255, 3), 52622: (254, 2), 52636: (254, 6), 52650: (0, 4), 52664: (1, 3), 52678: (0, 3), 52692: (1, 7), 52706: (1, 6), 52720: (1, 6), 52734: (0, 9), 52748: (0, 6), 52762: (255, 5), 52776: (255, 4), 52790: (255, 8), 52804: (1, 7), 52818: (1, 5), 52832: (254, 3), 52846: (255, 9), 52860: (255, 5), 52874: (255, 4), 52888: (255, 4), 52902: (255, 10), 52916: (255, 6), 52930: (255, 5), 52944: (255, 4), 52958: (0, 10), 52972: (255, 4), 52986: (255, 3), 53000: (255, 2), 53014: (255, 9), 53028: (255, 5), 53042: (255, 4), 53056: (0, 4), 53070: (0, 10), 53084: (255, 5), 53098: (254, 4), 53112: (255, 4), 53126: (0, 10), 53140: (255, 4), 53154: (255, 3), 53168: (255, 2), 53182: (255, 9), 53196: (0, 3), 53210: (255, 2), 53224: (255, 2), 53238: (254, 8), 53252: (254, 3), 53266: (255, 3), 53280: (255, 2), 53294: (0, 9), 53308: (0, 4), 53322: (1, 3), 53336: (0, 3), 53350: (0, 9), 53364: (1, 4), 53378: (2, 3), 53392: (1, 5), 53406: (255, 9), 53420: (255, 4), 53434: (255, 4), 53448: (255, 3), 53462: (0, 9), 53476: (0, 4), 53490: (255, 4), 53504: (254, 3), 53518: (255, 8), 53532: (0, 5), 53546: (255, 4), 53560: (254, 3), 53574: (255, 9), 53588: (0, 5), 53602: (255, 5), 53616: (255, 4), 53630: (255, 10), 53644: (255, 5), 53658: (0, 5), 53672: (0, 4), 53686: (255, 11), 53700: (255, 4), 53714: (0, 2), 53728: (1, 0), 53742: (1, 5), 53756: (0, 127), 53770: (255, 126), 53784: (1, 127), 53798: (0, 4), 53812: (0, 0), 53826: (255, 1), 53840: (255, 2), 53854: (255, 5), 53868: (0, 2), 53882: (0, 3), 53896: (255, 6), 53910: (255, 5), 53924: (255, 3), 53938: (0, 3), 53952: (255, 7), 53966: (255, 5), 53980: (0, 4), 53994: (255, 3), 54008: (255, 7), 54022: (255, 4), 54036: (254, 2), 54050: (0, 3), 54064: (0, 8), 54078: (0, 5), 54092: (0, 3), 54106: (0, 2), 54120: (0, 8), 54134: (2, 4), 54148: (2, 5), 54162: (0, 4), 54176: (255, 9), 54190: (0, 4), 54204: (0, 4), 54218: (255, 4), 54232: (0, 9), 54246: (0, 4), 54260: (255, 4), 54274: (255, 5), 54288: (0, 7), 54302: (0, 4), 54316: (255, 4), 54330: (254, 7), 54344: (255, 5), 54358: (255, 4), 54372: (254, 2), 54386: (0, 9), 54400: (1, 5), 54414: (0, 5), 54428: (255, 5), 54442: (0, 10), 54456: (1, 5), 54470: (0, 5), 54484: (255, 3), 54498: (255, 10), 54512: (255, 5), 54526: (255, 5), 54540: (255, 4), 54554: (255, 10), 54568: (254, 4), 54582: (254, 5), 54596: (255, 6), 54610: (0, 7), 54624: (255, 5), 54638: (255, 4), 54652: (255, 8), 54666: (255, 6), 54680: (255, 4), 54694: (255, 3), 54708: (255, 9), 54722: (255, 4), 54736: (255, 4), 54750: (254, 3), 54764: (254, 9), 54778: (254, 3), 54792: (255, 4), 54806: (255, 4), 54820: (255, 7), 54834: (254, 3), 54848: (0, 4), 54862: (2, 8), 54876: (1, 7), 54890: (255, 4), 54904: (255, 4), 54918: (0, 9), 54932: (1, 6), 54946: (1, 4), 54960: (1, 3), 54974: (0, 9), 54988: (1, 6), 55002: (0, 5), 55016: (0, 4), 55030: (0, 11), 55044: (1, 6), 55058: (0, 4), 55072: (255, 5), 55086: (255, 9), 55100: (254, 5), 55114: (0, 4), 55128: (0, 7), 55142: (0, 5), 55156: (255, 3), 55170: (254, 3), 55184: (254, 8), 55198: (0, 5), 55212: (255, 3), 55226: (255, 2), 55240: (255, 9), 55254: (255, 4), 55268: (255, 4), 55282: (254, 3), 55296: (255, 8), 55310: (255, 3), 55324: (255, 3), 55338: (254, 3), 55352: (254, 8), 55366: (254, 3), 55380: (254, 3), 55394: (255, 4), 55408: (255, 6), 55422: (254, 3), 55436: (253, 2), 55450: (254, 4), 55464: (255, 6), 55478: (255, 3), 55492: (254, 2), 55506: (253, 2), 55520: (254, 7), 55534: (254, 3), 55548: (255, 3), 55562: (0, 2), 55576: (1, 7), 55590: (0, 6), 55604: (0, 5), 55618: (1, 5), 55632: (1, 3), 55646: (0, 10), 55660: (1, 5), 55674: (255, 4), 55688: (255, 3), 55702: (254, 9), 55716: (255, 5), 55730: (0, 4), 55744: (0, 4), 55758: (255, 6), 55772: (255, 7), 55786: (255, 4), 55800: (0, 4), 55814: (255, 3), 55828: (1, 7), 55842: (255, 2), 55856: (254, 3), 55870: (0, 4), 55884: (0, 9), 55898: (255, 4), 55912: (255, 3), 55926: (255, 3), 55940: (255, 9), 55954: (254, 3), 55968: (255, 4), 55982: (0, 5), 55996: (0, 10), 56010: (255, 4), 56024: (255, 3), 56038: (255, 5), 56052: (0, 5), 56066: (1, 3), 56080: (0, 2), 56094: (255, 5), 56108: (0, 3), 56122: (1, 1), 56136: (1, 0), 56150: (1, 5), 56164: (1, 1), 56178: (0, 127), 56192: (0, 127), 56206: (0, 6), 56220: (0, 3), 56234: (255, 3), 56248: (0, 3), 56262: (0, 7), 56276: (0, 4), 56290: (255, 2), 56304: (255, 2), 56318: (1, 8), 56332: (0, 4), 56346: (255, 3), 56360: (255, 3), 56374: (255, 8), 56388: (0, 5), 56402: (0, 4), 56416: (255, 4), 56430: (255, 8), 56444: (255, 4), 56458: (255, 2), 56472: (255, 2), 56486: (255, 8), 56500: (254, 3), 56514: (255, 3), 56528: (255, 2), 56542: (255, 8), 56556: (255, 4), 56570: (255, 4), 56584: (0, 4), 56598: (0, 9), 56612: (255, 5), 56626: (254, 3), 56640: (255, 3), 56654: (0, 8), 56668: (0, 5), 56682: (255, 4), 56696: (255, 2), 56710: (255, 6), 56724: (0, 2), 56738: (255, 1), 56752: (254, 2), 56766: (255, 6), 56780: (0, 3), 56794: (0, 4), 56808: (1, 3), 56822: (1, 6), 56836: (1, 4), 56850: (1, 3), 56864: (2, 3), 56878: (1, 8), 56892: (1, 5), 56906: (0, 4), 56920: (0, 3), 56934: (255, 8), 56948: (255, 5), 56962: (255, 3), 56976: (255, 3), 56990: (0, 9), 57004: (0, 5), 57018: (255, 3), 57032: (253, 2), 57046: (254, 9), 57060: (0, 4), 57074: (255, 3), 57088: (254, 3), 57102: (254, 8), 57116: (255, 3), 57130: (255, 3), 57144: (255, 3), 57158: (0, 9), 57172: (0, 4), 57186: (0, 3), 57200: (0, 4), 57214: (255, 9), 57228: (255, 4), 57242: (254, 3), 57256: (0, 4), 57270: (0, 10), 57284: (255, 5), 57298: (254, 4), 57312: (255, 5), 57326: (0, 10), 57340: (0, 5), 57354: (255, 5), 57368: (254, 4), 57382: (255, 10), 57396: (0, 6), 57410: (255, 4), 57424: (255, 4), 57438: (255, 9), 57452: (0, 5), 57466: (0, 3), 57480: (255, 3), 57494: (255, 8), 57508: (0, 4), 57522: (0, 3), 57536: (0, 2), 57550: (0, 9), 57564: (0, 3), 57578: (0, 3), 57592: (0, 3), 57606: (0, 9), 57620: (255, 3), 57634: (253, 2), 57648: (254, 3), 57662: (255, 9), 57676: (254, 4), 57690: (254, 3), 57704: (254, 3), 57718: (254, 8), 57732: (255, 4), 57746: (254, 3), 57760: (254, 3), 57774: (255, 7), 57788: (255, 5), 57802: (255, 3), 57816: (255, 3), 57830: (0, 5), 57844: (0, 6), 57858: (255, 3), 57872: (255, 3), 57886: (255, 4), 57900: (255, 6), 57914: (254, 4), 57928: (0, 4), 57942: (0, 4), 57956: (255, 7), 57970: (255, 3), 57984: (0, 4), 57998: (1, 3), 58012: (1, 7), 58026: (0, 3), 58040: (255, 3), 58054: (0, 3), 58068: (0, 10), 58082: (1, 4), 58096: (0, 1), 58110: (0, 1), 58124: (0, 7), 58138: (1, 3), 58152: (0, 2), 58166: (0, 1), 58180: (1, 6), 58194: (255, 2), 58208: (254, 2), 58222: (255, 3), 58236: (255, 5), 58250: (255, 4), 58264: (255, 3), 58278: (255, 3), 58292: (254, 3), 58306: (255, 7), 58320: (1, 3), 58334: (1, 3), 58348: (1, 2), 58362: (1, 8), 58376: (0, 3), 58390: (255, 3), 58404: (255, 3), 58418: (0, 9), 58432: (255, 4), 58446: (255, 4), 58460: (255, 3), 58474: (255, 9), 58488: (254, 4), 58502: (255, 4), 58516: (255, 3), 58530: (0, 11), 58544: (254, 4), 58558: (254, 4), 58572: (255, 4), 58586: (0, 10), 58600: (0, 4), 58614: (254, 3), 58628: (253, 2), 58642: (254, 9), 58656: (255, 4), 58670: (0, 4), 58684: (255, 3), 58698: (255, 9), 58712: (255, 4), 58726: (254, 2), 58740: (255, 2), 58754: (255, 8), 58768: (0, 3), 58782: (0, 2), 58796: (1, 2), 58810: (0, 7), 58824: (1, 4), 58838: (2, 4), 58852: (3, 4), 58866: (2, 8), 58880: (1, 5), 58894: (255, 3), 58908: (255, 3), 58922: (0, 5), 58936: (1, 6), 58950: (0, 4), 58964: (255, 3), 58978: (255, 3), 58992: (0, 7), 59006: (0, 5), 59020: (0, 4), 59034: (0, 4), 59048: (1, 9), 59062: (0, 4), 59076: (0, 3), 59090: (0, 2), 59104: (0, 8), 59118: (0, 3), 59132: (0, 3), 59146: (255, 4), 59160: (254, 9), 59174: (255, 5), 59188: (0, 5), 59202: (1, 4), 59216: (0, 9), 59230: (0, 5), 59244: (255, 4), 59258: (0, 3), 59272: (1, 8), 59286: (0, 4), 59300: (0, 4), 59314: (0, 3), 59328: (0, 8), 59342: (255, 5), 59356: (255, 3), 59370: (255, 3), 59384: (0, 7), 59398: (0, 7), 59412: (0, 5), 59426: (1, 6), 59440: (1, 6), 59454: (2, 6), 59468: (2, 4), 59482: (1, 4), 59496: (255, 7), 59510: (0, 6), 59524: (1, 4), 59538: (0, 4), 59552: (255, 7), 59566: (255, 5), 59580: (0, 4), 59594: (0, 4), 59608: (255, 7), 59622: (255, 5), 59636: (255, 3), 59650: (255, 3), 59664: (255, 7), 59678: (255, 4), 59692: (255, 3), 59706: (255, 2), 59720: (255, 8), 59734: (255, 3), 59748: (255, 2), 59762: (255, 2), 59776: (255, 8), 59790: (0, 3), 59804: (0, 4), 59818: (255, 4), 59832: (254, 9), 59846: (255, 4), 59860: (0, 3), 59874: (255, 3), 59888: (254, 8), 59902: (254, 3), 59916: (255, 2), 59930: (255, 2), 59944: (0, 8), 59958: (0, 5), 59972: (255, 3), 59986: (0, 4), 60000: (0, 6), 60014: (0, 6), 60028: (255, 4), 60042: (255, 3), 60056: (255, 4), 60070: (255, 7), 60084: (255, 3), 60098: (255, 4), 60112: (255, 3), 60126: (0, 9), 60140: (0, 3), 60154: (255, 2), 60168: (0, 2), 60182: (1, 8), 60196: (1, 3), 60210: (1, 1), 60224: (1, 127), 60238: (2, 3), 60252: (2, 127), 60266: (0, 0), 60280: (0, 0), 60294: (0, 3), 60308: (0, 5), 60322: (0, 3), 60336: (1, 3), 60350: (1, 3), 60364: (1, 7), 60378: (1, 4), 60392: (1, 3), 60406: (0, 3), 60420: (255, 8), 60434: (0, 4), 60448: (1, 3), 60462: (1, 3), 60476: (0, 7), 60490: (255, 3), 60504: (1, 3), 60518: (1, 3), 60532: (1, 5), 60546: (1, 4), 60560: (2, 3), 60574: (2, 4), 60588: (1, 4), 60602: (1, 5), 60616: (1, 3), 60630: (0, 3), 60644: (0, 4), 60658: (0, 6), 60672: (0, 4), 60686: (0, 3), 60700: (255, 4), 60714: (0, 7), 60728: (0, 5), 60742: (0, 4), 60756: (255, 6), 60770: (0, 7), 60784: (0, 4), 60798: (1, 4), 60812: (0, 7), 60826: (255, 5), 60840: (255, 3), 60854: (0, 4), 60868: (0, 7), 60882: (0, 5), 60896: (255, 4), 60910: (255, 3), 60924: (255, 6), 60938: (255, 5), 60952: (255, 3), 60966: (1, 4), 60980: (0, 7), 60994: (255, 4), 61008: (254, 3), 61022: (255, 2), 61036: (255, 8), 61050: (255, 3), 61064: (255, 2), 61078: (255, 2), 61092: (255, 8), 61106: (255, 3), 61120: (255, 2), 61134: (0, 3), 61148: (0, 8), 61162: (255, 4), 61176: (255, 4), 61190: (255, 3), 61204: (0, 8), 61218: (0, 4), 61232: (1, 2), 61246: (1, 3), 61260: (1, 7), 61274: (1, 6), 61288: (0, 4), 61302: (0, 4), 61316: (0, 8), 61330: (255, 4), 61344: (255, 4), 61358: (255, 3), 61372: (0, 8), 61386: (0, 4), 61400: (0, 4), 61414: (255, 4), 61428: (0, 8), 61442: (255, 4), 61456: (255, 4), 61470: (254, 3), 61484: (255, 9), 61498: (0, 5), 61512: (0, 4), 61526: (0, 3), 61540: (0, 9), 61554: (0, 5), 61568: (255, 4), 61582: (255, 4), 61596: (0, 9), 61610: (255, 5), 61624: (0, 5), 61638: (255, 4), 61652: (255, 9), 61666: (0, 4), 61680: (255, 4), 61694: (254, 3), 61708: (254, 8), 61722: (255, 3), 61736: (255, 4), 61750: (255, 4), 61764: (254, 7), 61778: (255, 3), 61792: (1, 3), 61806: (0, 2), 61820: (0, 7), 61834: (0, 4), 61848: (0, 3), 61862: (1, 4), 61876: (2, 9), 61890: (0, 4), 61904: (255, 3), 61918: (255, 3), 61932: (0, 8), 61946: (255, 4), 61960: (255, 3), 61974: (255, 3), 61988: (0, 8), 62002: (255, 4), 62016: (255, 3), 62030: (255, 4), 62044: (0, 7), 62058: (255, 4), 62072: (255, 4), 62086: (255, 4), 62100: (255, 7), 62114: (255, 4), 62128: (1, 4), 62142: (0, 4), 62156: (0, 8), 62170: (255, 4), 62184: (255, 3), 62198: (255, 3), 62212: (1, 10), 62226: (1, 3), 62240: (0, 2), 62254: (0, 4), 62268: (0, 9), 62282: (0, 5), 62296: (0, 3), 62310: (1, 3), 62324: (2, 8), 62338: (2, 4), 62352: (1, 2), 62366: (0, 3), 62380: (1, 7), 62394: (1, 3), 62408: (1, 3), 62422: (0, 3), 62436: (255, 7), 62450: (255, 2), 62464: (255, 3), 62478: (0, 3), 62492: (0, 6), 62506: (255, 3), 62520: (255, 2), 62534: (254, 2), 62548: (254, 6), 62562: (255, 2), 62576: (0, 3), 62590: (255, 3), 62604: (255, 6), 62618: (254, 2), 62632: (254, 2), 62646: (255, 3), 62660: (0, 5), 62674: (255, 2), 62688: (254, 2), 62702: (253, 2), 62716: (255, 5), 62730: (255, 2), 62744: (1, 4), 62758: (0, 2), 62772: (255, 8), 62786: (0, 3), 62800: (1, 3), 62814: (1, 6), 62828: (0, 7), 62842: (1, 7), 62856: (1, 4), 62870: (255, 3), 62884: (255, 3), 62898: (0, 6), 62912: (255, 3), 62926: (0, 3), 62940: (255, 3), 62954: (255, 8), 62968: (255, 4), 62982: (0, 4), 62996: (0, 4), 63010: (0, 5), 63024: (255, 5), 63038: (255, 4), 63052: (255, 3), 63066: (0, 3), 63080: (0, 8), 63094: (255, 3), 63108: (0, 4), 63122: (0, 4), 63136: (255, 9), 63150: (0, 4), 63164: (0, 3), 63178: (0, 1), 63192: (0, 5), 63206: (0, 2), 63220: (1, 0), 63234: (0, 1), 63248: (255, 4), 63262: (1, 3), 63276: (0, 1), 63290: (255, 0), 63304: (0, 2), 63318: (0, 4), 63332: (0, 2), 63346: (0, 2), 63360: (0, 2), 63374: (1, 3), 63388: (1, 127), 63402: (1, 126), 63416: (0, 126), 63430: (0, 2), 63444: (0, 0), 63458: (0, 1), 63472: (0, 0), 63486: (0, 5), 63500: (0, 2), 63514: (0, 2), 63528: (255, 2), 63542: (255, 8), 63556: (0, 3), 63570: (0, 3), 63584: (0, 3), 63598: (0, 7), 63612: (255, 4), 63626: (255, 3), 63640: (1, 4), 63654: (1, 6), 63668: (0, 6), 63682: (255, 4), 63696: (255, 3), 63710: (0, 6), 63724: (1, 4), 63738: (1, 2), 63752: (1, 1), 63766: (1, 3), 63780: (1, 0), 63794: (2, 127), 63808: (2, 125), 63822: (1, 3), 63836: (1, 4), 63850: (0, 2), 63864: (0, 2), 63878: (255, 5), 63892: (255, 4), 63906: (0, 3), 63920: (0, 3), 63934: (0, 6), 63948: (255, 5), 63962: (255, 3), 63976: (255, 3), 63990: (255, 6), 64004: (0, 4), 64018: (255, 3), 64032: (254, 2), 64046: (254, 6), 64060: (255, 4), 64074: (0, 3), 64088: (255, 3), 64102: (254, 6), 64116: (255, 4), 64130: (0, 4), 64144: (0, 3), 64158: (255, 5), 64172: (255, 5), 64186: (255, 3), 64200: (254, 2), 64214: (255, 2), 64228: (255, 8), 64242: (0, 3), 64256: (0, 2), 64270: (1, 3), 64284: (0, 6), 64298: (255, 4), 64312: (255, 2), 64326: (0, 4), 64340: (0, 3), 64354: (0, 9), 64368: (255, 4), 64382: (255, 3), 64396: (255, 2), 64410: (255, 7), 64424: (255, 3), 64438: (255, 4), 64452: (255, 3), 64466: (255, 4), 64480: (255, 6), 64494: (255, 4), 64508: (255, 3), 64522: (0, 4), 64536: (255, 10), 64550: (254, 3), 64564: (254, 4), 64578: (255, 3), 64592: (0, 10), 64606: (0, 5), 64620: (255, 3), 64634: (254, 3), 64648: (255, 8), 64662: (1, 7), 64676: (255, 3), 64690: (255, 3), 64704: (0, 3), 64718: (1, 9), 64732: (1, 5), 64746: (1, 5), 64760: (0, 4), 64774: (255, 10), 64788: (0, 5), 64802: (255, 4), 64816: (254, 3), 64830: (255, 8), 64844: (0, 5), 64858: (0, 4), 64872: (255, 4), 64886: (255, 6), 64900: (255, 4), 64914: (255, 3), 64928: (254, 3), 64942: (254, 3), 64956: (253, 4), 64970: (253, 2), 64984: (254, 3), 64998: (255, 3), 65012: (255, 6), 65026: (253, 3), 65040: (254, 3), 65054: (255, 4), 65068: (255, 5), 65082: (254, 3), 65096: (254, 2), 65110: (254, 4), 65124: (254, 4), 65138: (253, 2), 65152: (254, 2), 65166: (253, 2), 65180: (254, 6), 65194: (254, 4), 65208: (254, 3), 65222: (253, 3), 65236: (254, 9), 65250: (255, 5), 65264: (255, 4), 65278: (254, 4), 65292: (254, 8), 65306: (255, 4), 65320: (255, 5), 65334: (255, 4), 65348: (255, 7), 65362: (254, 5), 65376: (254, 4), 65390: (254, 4), 65404: (255, 5), 65418: (255, 7), 65432: (254, 3), 65446: (255, 4), 65460: (255, 3), 65474: (0, 7), 65488: (255, 3), 65502: (0, 4), 65516: (1, 4), 65530: (1, 10), 65544: (0, 5), 65558: (255, 4), 65572: (0, 4), 65586: (0, 9), 65600: (0, 5), 65614: (255, 4), 65628: (254, 4), 65642: (255, 8), 65656: (255, 4), 65670: (255, 3), 65684: (255, 3), 65698: (0, 6), 65712: (255, 3), 65726: (255, 3), 65740: (0, 5), 65754: (1, 6), 65768: (1, 2), 65782: (2, 2), 65796: (2, 5), 65810: (0, 4), 65824: (0, 4), 65838: (0, 2), 65852: (1, 7), 65866: (0, 5), 65880: (255, 3), 65894: (255, 3), 65908: (255, 7), 65922: (0, 5), 65936: (0, 4), 65950: (0, 4), 65964: (255, 7), 65978: (255, 5), 65992: (0, 2), 66006: (0, 1), 66020: (0, 6), 66034: (0, 2), 66048: (0, 1), 66062: (0, 1), 66076: (255, 5), 66090: (0, 4), 66104: (0, 4), 66118: (0, 3), 66132: (0, 7), 66146: (255, 4), 66160: (254, 2), 66174: (255, 2), 66188: (0, 7), 66202: (255, 4), 66216: (255, 3), 66230: (254, 2), 66244: (254, 6), 66258: (255, 4), 66272: (255, 2), 66286: (255, 3), 66300: (255, 3), 66314: (255, 7), 66328: (255, 3), 66342: (255, 2), 66356: (254, 2), 66370: (255, 8), 66384: (255, 4), 66398: (255, 2), 66412: (254, 2), 66426: (255, 2), 66440: (0, 7), 66454: (0, 3), 66468: (1, 4), 66482: (0, 4), 66496: (0, 6), 66510: (2, 6), 66524: (2, 5), 66538: (1, 4), 66552: (0, 4), 66566: (0, 9), 66580: (0, 4), 66594: (0, 4), 66608: (0, 3), 66622: (255, 7), 66636: (0, 5), 66650: (0, 4), 66664: (0, 4), 66678: (1, 4), 66692: (1, 8), 66706: (1, 4), 66720: (2, 5), 66734: (1, 4), 66748: (255, 9), 66762: (0, 4), 66776: (0, 3), 66790: (0, 3), 66804: (0, 8), 66818: (1, 5), 66832: (1, 3), 66846: (2, 3), 66860: (2, 7), 66874: (2, 4), 66888: (0, 3), 66902: (0, 2), 66916: (0, 5), 66930: (1, 4), 66944: (0, 3), 66958: (255, 2), 66972: (0, 3), 66986: (1, 6), 67000: (0, 4), 67014: (255, 3), 67028: (0, 2), 67042: (1, 7), 67056: (1, 1), 67070: (0, 0), 67084: (255, 0), 67098: (0, 5), 67112: (0, 3), 67126: (0, 2), 67140: (255, 1), 67154: (255, 7), 67168: (255, 3), 67182: (0, 2), 67196: (0, 2), 67210: (0, 6), 67224: (255, 3), 67238: (255, 2), 67252: (0, 2), 67266: (0, 7), 67280: (255, 3), 67294: (255, 2), 67308: (255, 1), 67322: (254, 6), 67336: (254, 2), 67350: (254, 1), 67364: (254, 1), 67378: (0, 7), 67392: (1, 4), 67406: (255, 3), 67420: (0, 3), 67434: (0, 2), 67448: (0, 10), 67462: (0, 4), 67476: (255, 3), 67490: (255, 3), 67504: (0, 6), 67518: (0, 5), 67532: (255, 3), 67546: (255, 2), 67560: (255, 2), 67574: (0, 8), 67588: (255, 3), 67602: (255, 1), 67616: (255, 1), 67630: (0, 5), 67644: (1, 2), 67658: (1, 2), 67672: (255, 1), 67686: (0, 2), 67700: (0, 5), 67714: (0, 2), 67728: (0, 2), 67742: (255, 2), 67756: (255, 7), 67770: (0, 4), 67784: (0, 3), 67798: (1, 2), 67812: (0, 2), 67826: (0, 5), 67840: (0, 2), 67854: (0, 2), 67868: (0, 1), 67882: (255, 7), 67896: (0, 1), 67910: (1, 0), 67924: (0, 0), 67938: (0, 2), 67952: (0, 5), 67966: (0, 2), 67980: (0, 2), 67994: (0, 2), 68008: (0, 8), 68022: (0, 3), 68036: (1, 3), 68050: (1, 2), 68064: (2, 6), 68078: (1, 4), 68092: (255, 2), 68106: (0, 3), 68120: (1, 7), 68134: (1, 5), 68148: (0, 3), 68162: (0, 3), 68176: (1, 3), 68190: (1, 7), 68204: (0, 3), 68218: (0, 2), 68232: (0, 2), 68246: (0, 9), 68260: (0, 4), 68274: (0, 3), 68288: (0, 3), 68302: (255, 7), 68316: (1, 5), 68330: (0, 3), 68344: (255, 2), 68358: (255, 5), 68372: (1, 5), 68386: (1, 3), 68400: (0, 2), 68414: (0, 2), 68428: (255, 7), 68442: (0, 3), 68456: (0, 3), 68470: (0, 2), 68484: (255, 8), 68498: (255, 4), 68512: (255, 4), 68526: (255, 3), 68540: (255, 7), 68554: (255, 4), 68568: (255, 3), 68582: (255, 2), 68596: (0, 6), 68610: (255, 5), 68624: (255, 3), 68638: (0, 3), 68652: (0, 3), 68666: (255, 8), 68680: (255, 3), 68694: (0, 3), 68708: (0, 3), 68722: (0, 10), 68736: (0, 4), 68750: (255, 3), 68764: (254, 2), 68778: (0, 9), 68792: (0, 4), 68806: (0, 3), 68820: (0, 3), 68834: (1, 8), 68848: (2, 5), 68862: (2, 5), 68876: (2, 5), 68890: (1, 9), 68904: (2, 5), 68918: (2, 4), 68932: (2, 4), 68946: (3, 4), 68960: (1, 5), 68974: (3, 4), 68988: (3, 3), 69002: (1, 5), 69016: (1, 6), 69030: (1, 4), 69044: (2, 3), 69058: (2, 4), 69072: (1, 7), 69086: (1, 3), 69100: (1, 4), 69114: (1, 4), 69128: (1, 9), 69142: (2, 3), 69156: (3, 2), 69170: (2, 4), 69184: (2, 9), 69198: (1, 5), 69212: (1, 3), 69226: (1, 3), 69240: (1, 6), 69254: (1, 6), 69268: (0, 3), 69282: (255, 3), 69296: (255, 3), 69310: (0, 7), 69324: (1, 4), 69338: (0, 4), 69352: (255, 2), 69366: (255, 5), 69380: (0, 5), 69394: (0, 2), 69408: (0, 2), 69422: (255, 2), 69436: (255, 7), 69450: (255, 3), 69464: (255, 3), 69478: (255, 2), 69492: (255, 8), 69506: (255, 3), 69520: (254, 2), 69534: (254, 2), 69548: (254, 8), 69562: (254, 3), 69576: (255, 3), 69590: (255, 2), 69604: (254, 8), 69618: (254, 2), 69632: (254, 2), 69646: (254, 2), 69660: (255, 7), 69674: (255, 4), 69688: (253, 2), 69702: (253, 2), 69716: (254, 2), 69730: (255, 7), 69744: (254, 3), 69758: (254, 3), 69772: (254, 2), 69786: (254, 2), 69800: (255, 8), 69814: (255, 3), 69828: (255, 3), 69842: (0, 3), 69856: (255, 3), 69870: (254, 7), 69884: (255, 3), 69898: (0, 4), 69912: (0, 3), 69926: (255, 3), 69940: (254, 8), 69954: (255, 4), 69968: (255, 3), 69982: (255, 3), 69996: (255, 3), 70010: (255, 8), 70024: (254, 3), 70038: (255, 3), 70052: (255, 3), 70066: (255, 5), 70080: (255, 4), 70094: (255, 3), 70108: (255, 2), 70122: (255, 2), 70136: (254, 2), 70150: (255, 7), 70164: (0, 4), 70178: (255, 4), 70192: (255, 4), 70206: (254, 8), 70220: (255, 4), 70234: (255, 4), 70248: (0, 4), 70262: (255, 9), 70276: (255, 5), 70290: (254, 3), 70304: (255, 4), 70318: (0, 9), 70332: (255, 5), 70346: (254, 4), 70360: (254, 4), 70374: (0, 9), 70388: (0, 5), 70402: (0, 4), 70416: (255, 4), 70430: (255, 9), 70444: (255, 5), 70458: (255, 4), 70472: (255, 4), 70486: (255, 9), 70500: (255, 5), 70514: (255, 3), 70528: (254, 3), 70542: (254, 8), 70556: (254, 4), 70570: (255, 2), 70584: (255, 4), 70598: (255, 5), 70612: (254, 2), 70626: (254, 2), 70640: (255, 7), 70654: (255, 4), 70668: (254, 2), 70682: (253, 2), 70696: (254, 9), 70710: (255, 3), 70724: (0, 4), 70738: (255, 2), 70752: (0, 9), 70766: (0, 2), 70780: (1, 3), 70794: (1, 4), 70808: (1, 10), 70822: (1, 6), 70836: (1, 4), 70850: (1, 5), 70864: (0, 9), 70878: (255, 4), 70892: (255, 3), 70906: (255, 3), 70920: (0, 9), 70934: (255, 4), 70948: (254, 3), 70962: (254, 3), 70976: (255, 10), 70990: (255, 5), 71004: (255, 4), 71018: (254, 4), 71032: (255, 9), 71046: (0, 6), 71060: (255, 4), 71074: (255, 3), 71088: (255, 9), 71102: (0, 5), 71116: (255, 4), 71130: (255, 3), 71144: (255, 8), 71158: (255, 4), 71172: (255, 3), 71186: (0, 3), 71200: (255, 6), 71214: (255, 4), 71228: (255, 2), 71242: (0, 0), 71256: (1, 3), 71270: (0, 1), 71284: (255, 127), 71298: (255, 1), 71312: (0, 2), 71326: (0, 7), 71340: (0, 2), 71354: (255, 1), 71368: (0, 2), 71382: (0, 7), 71396: (255, 2), 71410: (255, 2), 71424: (0, 2), 71438: (0, 8), 71452: (0, 3), 71466: (255, 2), 71480: (255, 2), 71494: (0, 8), 71508: (0, 3), 71522: (0, 2), 71536: (0, 2), 71550: (0, 7), 71564: (0, 4), 71578: (1, 3), 71592: (0, 2), 71606: (255, 6), 71620: (0, 4), 71634: (0, 2), 71648: (0, 2), 71662: (0, 6), 71676: (255, 4), 71690: (255, 3), 71704: (255, 3), 71718: (0, 5), 71732: (0, 5), 71746: (255, 3), 71760: (0, 3), 71774: (1, 3), 71788: (1, 6), 71802: (0, 3), 71816: (0, 2), 71830: (0, 2), 71844: (1, 8), 71858: (1, 3), 71872: (1, 2), 71886: (0, 1), 71900: (255, 8), 71914: (255, 2), 71928: (0, 2), 71942: (255, 1), 71956: (255, 8), 71970: (255, 3), 71984: (255, 2), 71998: (255, 1), 72012: (254, 7), 72026: (255, 3), 72040: (0, 2), 72054: (0, 2), 72068: (255, 7), 72082: (255, 4), 72096: (255, 3), 72110: (0, 3), 72124: (255, 5), 72138: (254, 5), 72152: (255, 3), 72166: (255, 3), 72180: (255, 3), 72194: (255, 9), 72208: (254, 3), 72222: (255, 3), 72236: (255, 3), 72250: (0, 8), 72264: (0, 4), 72278: (255, 2), 72292: (255, 1), 72306: (255, 1), 72320: (0, 7), 72334: (255, 2), 72348: (255, 2), 72362: (255, 3), 72376: (255, 9), 72390: (255, 4), 72404: (254, 3), 72418: (255, 3), 72432: (255, 8), 72446: (0, 5), 72460: (255, 4), 72474: (254, 3), 72488: (255, 4), 72502: (255, 8), 72516: (255, 4), 72530: (255, 3), 72544: (254, 2), 72558: (254, 9), 72572: (255, 4), 72586: (0, 4), 72600: (255, 3), 72614: (255, 8), 72628: (255, 4), 72642: (254, 3), 72656: (254, 3), 72670: (254, 5), 72684: (255, 5), 72698: (254, 3), 72712: (254, 2), 72726: (254, 3), 72740: (254, 6), 72754: (254, 3), 72768: (255, 2), 72782: (255, 2), 72796: (254, 8), 72810: (254, 2), 72824: (253, 2), 72838: (254, 2), 72852: (255, 8), 72866: (254, 3), 72880: (253, 2), 72894: (254, 2), 72908: (254, 6), 72922: (255, 3), 72936: (254, 1), 72950: (254, 2), 72964: (254, 1), 72978: (255, 8), 72992: (254, 2), 73006: (254, 2), 73020: (254, 2), 73034: (255, 2), 73048: (255, 6), 73062: (254, 3), 73076: (254, 2), 73090: (253, 2), 73104: (255, 6), 73118: (0, 7), 73132: (255, 4), 73146: (254, 3), 73160: (254, 4), 73174: (255, 7), 73188: (255, 5), 73202: (255, 4), 73216: (255, 4), 73230: (254, 4), 73244: (255, 10), 73258: (254, 4), 73272: (255, 4), 73286: (0, 5), 73300: (0, 4), 73314: (255, 7), 73328: (254, 4), 73342: (255, 4), 73356: (255, 3), 73370: (255, 8), 73384: (255, 4), 73398: (254, 2), 73412: (254, 1), 73426: (255, 2), 73440: (0, 8), 73454: (255, 3), 73468: (255, 3), 73482: (254, 4), 73496: (254, 9), 73510: (255, 5), 73524: (255, 4), 73538: (255, 3), 73552: (255, 9), 73566: (255, 5), 73580: (254, 4), 73594: (254, 3), 73608: (255, 8), 73622: (255, 5), 73636: (255, 4), 73650: (255, 4), 73664: (254, 7), 73678: (254, 5), 73692: (255, 4), 73706: (255, 3), 73720: (255, 5), 73734: (254, 4), 73748: (253, 2), 73762: (254, 2), 73776: (255, 3), 73790: (255, 6), 73804: (254, 3), 73818: (254, 2), 73832: (254, 3), 73846: (254, 5), 73860: (254, 2), 73874: (253, 2), 73888: (254, 5), 73902: (254, 5), 73916: (254, 3), 73930: (254, 2), 73944: (254, 6), 73958: (254, 4), 73972: (254, 3), 73986: (254, 2), 74000: (254, 5), 74014: (253, 4), 74028: (254, 2), 74042: (254, 3), 74056: (254, 3), 74070: (254, 7), 74084: (254, 4), 74098: (254, 3), 74112: (255, 4), 74126: (255, 9), 74140: (254, 3), 74154: (254, 3), 74168: (254, 2), 74182: (255, 7), 74196: (255, 5), 74210: (254, 3), 74224: (254, 3), 74238: (255, 4), 74252: (255, 10), 74266: (255, 5), 74280: (255, 5), 74294: (255, 3), 74308: (0, 8), 74322: (255, 6), 74336: (254, 4), 74350: (254, 4), 74364: (255, 4), 74378: (0, 8), 74392: (254, 4), 74406: (254, 4), 74420: (255, 4), 74434: (255, 10), 74448: (255, 4), 74462: (255, 4), 74476: (255, 4), 74490: (255, 8), 74504: (1, 7), 74518: (1, 4), 74532: (1, 4), 74546: (0, 7), 74560: (1, 6), 74574: (1, 5), 74588: (0, 5), 74602: (255, 5), 74616: (0, 7), 74630: (1, 5), 74644: (2, 5), 74658: (1, 7), 74672: (0, 7), 74686: (255, 3), 74700: (1, 3), 74714: (1, 5), 74728: (0, 7), 74742: (0, 4), 74756: (0, 4), 74770: (1, 5), 74784: (1, 6), 74798: (0, 3), 74812: (0, 3), 74826: (0, 5), 74840: (1, 6), 74854: (0, 3), 74868: (255, 2), 74882: (255, 4), 74896: (0, 5), 74910: (255, 3), 74924: (254, 2), 74938: (254, 7), 74952: (255, 4), 74966: (0, 3), 74980: (255, 3), 74994: (255, 7), 75008: (255, 4), 75022: (255, 4), 75036: (255, 3), 75050: (255, 8), 75064: (255, 5), 75078: (254, 3), 75092: (254, 3), 75106: (255, 7), 75120: (0, 5), 75134: (254, 3), 75148: (254, 3), 75162: (255, 7), 75176: (0, 5), 75190: (255, 4), 75204: (254, 3), 75218: (255, 7), 75232: (0, 6), 75246: (255, 5), 75260: (255, 4), 75274: (254, 7), 75288: (255, 5), 75302: (255, 3), 75316: (255, 3), 75330: (254, 6), 75344: (254, 5), 75358: (254, 3), 75372: (254, 3), 75386: (254, 6), 75400: (255, 4), 75414: (254, 2), 75428: (255, 2), 75442: (255, 5), 75456: (255, 4), 75470: (254, 2), 75484: (254, 2), 75498: (254, 6), 75512: (255, 6), 75526: (0, 5), 75540: (0, 3), 75554: (0, 4), 75568: (1, 9), 75582: (1, 5), 75596: (1, 4), 75610: (0, 4), 75624: (1, 9), 75638: (1, 3), 75652: (0, 3), 75666: (255, 3), 75680: (254, 8), 75694: (255, 4), 75708: (0, 4), 75722: (0, 4), 75736: (254, 5), 75750: (255, 5), 75764: (0, 3), 75778: (0, 2), 75792: (0, 2), 75806: (255, 9), 75820: (254, 4), 75834: (254, 3), 75848: (254, 3), 75862: (254, 8), 75876: (255, 4), 75890: (255, 4), 75904: (255, 4), 75918: (255, 9), 75932: (254, 5), 75946: (254, 4), 75960: (255, 4), 75974: (0, 8), 75988: (0, 6), 76002: (255, 2), 76016: (255, 1), 76030: (0, 5), 76044: (1, 3), 76058: (0, 1), 76072: (255, 1), 76086: (0, 3), 76100: (0, 5), 76114: (0, 2), 76128: (255, 2), 76142: (255, 2), 76156: (0, 6), 76170: (0, 3), 76184: (255, 3), 76198: (255, 3), 76212: (255, 6), 76226: (255, 2), 76240: (0, 3), 76254: (0, 4), 76268: (255, 8), 76282: (255, 3), 76296: (0, 4), 76310: (1, 5), 76324: (1, 8), 76338: (1, 3), 76352: (1, 5), 76366: (1, 5), 76380: (1, 8), 76394: (1, 5), 76408: (0, 3), 76422: (0, 6), 76436: (255, 5), 76450: (255, 3), 76464: (255, 2), 76478: (0, 8), 76492: (0, 4), 76506: (255, 3), 76520: (254, 2), 76534: (254, 8), 76548: (254, 3), 76562: (255, 3), 76576: (255, 2), 76590: (255, 8), 76604: (254, 2), 76618: (254, 2), 76632: (254, 5), 76646: (255, 5), 76660: (255, 2), 76674: (254, 2), 76688: (254, 7), 76702: (254, 4), 76716: (254, 2), 76730: (254, 2), 76744: (255, 7), 76758: (255, 3), 76772: (255, 3), 76786: (255, 3), 76800: (254, 8), 76814: (255, 4), 76828: (0, 5), 76842: (255, 3), 76856: (255, 7), 76870: (254, 4), 76884: (254, 4), 76898: (255, 3), 76912: (255, 4), 76926: (255, 8), 76940: (255, 5), 76954: (254, 3), 76968: (254, 3), 76982: (255, 9), 76996: (255, 4), 77010: (255, 4), 77024: (254, 4), 77038: (254, 8), 77052: (255, 5), 77066: (255, 4), 77080: (255, 3), 77094: (255, 8), 77108: (255, 6), 77122: (254, 3), 77136: (254, 3), 77150: (255, 5), 77164: (0, 6), 77178: (255, 4), 77192: (254, 3), 77206: (254, 4), 77220: (254, 6), 77234: (255, 4), 77248: (255, 3), 77262: (255, 6), 77276: (255, 6), 77290: (255, 4), 77304: (255, 3), 77318: (0, 6), 77332: (1, 3), 77346: (0, 1), 77360: (255, 0), 77374: (1, 2), 77388: (1, 127), 77402: (0, 125), 77416: (1, 125), 77430: (0, 5), 77444: (255, 2), 77458: (255, 1), 77472: (0, 2), 77486: (0, 9), 77500: (1, 3), 77514: (1, 3), 77528: (1, 3), 77542: (1, 9), 77556: (1, 4), 77570: (1, 3), 77584: (0, 3), 77598: (0, 6), 77612: (0, 3), 77626: (255, 2), 77640: (255, 6), 77654: (0, 5), 77668: (255, 2), 77682: (255, 2), 77696: (255, 7), 77710: (0, 2), 77724: (255, 0), 77738: (255, 0), 77752: (0, 7), 77766: (0, 2), 77780: (0, 1), 77794: (0, 1), 77808: (0, 6), 77822: (0, 2), 77836: (0, 2), 77850: (0, 5), 77864: (0, 5), 77878: (255, 2), 77892: (0, 3), 77906: (1, 8), 77920: (0, 4), 77934: (255, 2), 77948: (255, 2), 77962: (255, 9), 77976: (0, 4), 77990: (0, 4), 78004: (255, 2), 78018: (255, 9), 78032: (0, 4), 78046: (0, 3), 78060: (255, 2), 78074: (255, 8), 78088: (0, 2), 78102: (0, 3), 78116: (0, 3), 78130: (255, 8), 78144: (255, 4), 78158: (0, 3), 78172: (0, 6), 78186: (255, 6), 78200: (255, 4), 78214: (255, 3), 78228: (0, 8), 78242: (0, 5), 78256: (255, 3), 78270: (255, 3), 78284: (255, 8), 78298: (255, 5), 78312: (255, 3), 78326: (255, 3), 78340: (255, 9), 78354: (255, 3), 78368: (255, 3), 78382: (254, 2), 78396: (254, 8), 78410: (254, 2), 78424: (254, 2), 78438: (254, 2), 78452: (254, 7), 78466: (253, 2), 78480: (254, 2), 78494: (0, 6), 78508: (0, 5), 78522: (255, 3), 78536: (255, 2), 78550: (0, 8), 78564: (0, 5), 78578: (0, 3), 78592: (255, 3), 78606: (255, 8), 78620: (255, 4), 78634: (255, 3), 78648: (255, 3), 78662: (255, 8), 78676: (255, 4), 78690: (255, 4), 78704: (255, 3), 78718: (255, 9), 78732: (254, 3), 78746: (255, 4), 78760: (255, 3), 78774: (255, 9), 78788: (255, 4), 78802: (254, 2), 78816: (255, 3), 78830: (0, 10), 78844: (255, 4), 78858: (255, 3), 78872: (255, 2), 78886: (254, 9), 78900: (255, 3), 78914: (255, 2), 78928: (254, 2), 78942: (255, 8), 78956: (254, 3), 78970: (255, 3), 78984: (254, 2), 78998: (254, 7), 79012: (255, 3), 79026: (255, 2), 79040: (255, 2), 79054: (255, 7), 79068: (255, 3), 79082: (0, 3), 79096: (0, 2), 79110: (1, 9), 79124: (0, 5), 79138: (0, 5), 79152: (255, 3), 79166: (255, 9), 79180: (0, 3), 79194: (255, 3), 79208: (254, 3), 79222: (254, 9), 79236: (0, 4), 79250: (1, 6), 79264: (0, 4), 79278: (1, 9), 79292: (1, 3), 79306: (1, 3), 79320: (1, 2), 79334: (1, 10), 79348: (2, 4), 79362: (1, 4), 79376: (0, 3), 79390: (255, 9), 79404: (255, 3), 79418: (255, 3), 79432: (0, 3), 79446: (255, 9), 79460: (255, 4), 79474: (255, 3), 79488: (255, 4), 79502: (0, 10), 79516: (0, 3), 79530: (255, 2), 79544: (255, 2), 79558: (255, 7), 79572: (255, 2), 79586: (255, 2), 79600: (255, 3), 79614: (255, 5), 79628: (255, 2), 79642: (255, 2), 79656: (255, 4), 79670: (255, 2), 79684: (255, 1), 79698: (0, 2), 79712: (0, 6), 79726: (254, 2), 79740: (254, 2), 79754: (0, 2), 79768: (0, 8), 79782: (0, 4), 79796: (255, 3), 79810: (254, 3), 79824: (255, 9), 79838: (0, 4), 79852: (255, 3), 79866: (255, 2), 79880: (255, 8), 79894: (255, 2), 79908: (254, 1), 79922: (255, 2), 79936: (0, 9), 79950: (0, 3), 79964: (255, 3), 79978: (254, 1), 79992: (254, 8), 80006: (254, 2), 80020: (255, 1), 80034: (255, 1), 80048: (255, 1), 80062: (254, 7), 80076: (253, 2), 80090: (254, 2), 80104: (255, 2), 80118: (254, 2), 80132: (254, 7), 80146: (254, 2), 80160: (254, 2), 80174: (255, 3), 80188: (0, 3), 80202: (255, 8), 80216: (255, 4), 80230: (255, 3), 80244: (255, 2), 80258: (255, 3), 80272: (255, 8), 80286: (0, 4), 80300: (0, 4), 80314: (255, 3), 80328: (254, 7), 80342: (255, 2), 80356: (0, 2), 80370: (0, 1), 80384: (1, 3), 80398: (255, 7), 80412: (255, 2), 80426: (255, 2), 80440: (0, 3), 80454: (1, 6), 80468: (0, 4), 80482: (255, 3), 80496: (0, 2), 80510: (0, 3), 80524: (1, 7), 80538: (1, 4), 80552: (1, 5), 80566: (2, 5), 80580: (1, 8), 80594: (1, 3), 80608: (1, 1), 80622: (2, 1), 80636: (2, 3), 80650: (1, 4), 80664: (0, 1), 80678: (0, 2), 80692: (1, 3), 80706: (0, 8), 80720: (0, 3), 80734: (255, 2), 80748: (255, 2), 80762: (0, 8), 80776: (0, 2), 80790: (255, 1), 80804: (255, 1), 80818: (255, 7), 80832: (254, 1), 80846: (255, 0), 80860: (254, 0), 80874: (255, 7), 80888: (255, 1), 80902: (254, 1), 80916: (254, 1), 80930: (255, 7), 80944: (0, 2), 80958: (0, 2), 80972: (255, 1), 80986: (255, 7), 81000: (254, 2), 81014: (255, 1), 81028: (255, 1), 81042: (255, 8), 81056: (255, 3), 81070: (255, 2), 81084: (254, 1), 81098: (255, 6), 81112: (255, 4), 81126: (255, 2), 81140: (254, 2), 81154: (255, 2), 81168: (0, 7), 81182: (255, 3), 81196: (255, 2), 81210: (254, 2), 81224: (255, 6), 81238: (0, 4), 81252: (1, 5), 81266: (1, 3), 81280: (0, 2), 81294: (1, 7), 81308: (2, 4), 81322: (1, 4), 81336: (0, 4), 81350: (0, 9), 81364: (0, 5), 81378: (0, 4), 81392: (255, 3), 81406: (255, 5), 81420: (0, 5), 81434: (0, 3), 81448: (0, 3), 81462: (0, 2), 81476: (255, 7), 81490: (0, 3), 81504: (0, 1), 81518: (0, 0), 81532: (0, 6), 81546: (0, 3), 81560: (255, 2), 81574: (255, 1), 81588: (255, 5), 81602: (255, 3), 81616: (255, 1), 81630: (255, 1), 81644: (0, 3), 81658: (255, 4), 81672: (254, 2), 81686: (255, 2), 81700: (255, 2), 81714: (0, 6), 81728: (254, 2), 81742: (254, 1), 81756: (254, 1), 81770: (255, 7), 81784: (255, 2), 81798: (255, 2), 81812: (0, 3), 81826: (0, 7), 81840: (0, 4), 81854: (0, 3), 81868: (255, 3), 81882: (255, 3), 81896: (0, 6), 81910: (255, 4), 81924: (255, 3), 81938: (255, 3), 81952: (0, 9), 81966: (0, 4), 81980: (0, 4), 81994: (255, 4), 82008: (255, 5), 82022: (255, 5), 82036: (255, 3), 82050: (0, 3), 82064: (255, 3), 82078: (255, 8), 82092: (254, 3), 82106: (255, 4), 82120: (0, 3), 82134: (255, 8), 82148: (255, 3), 82162: (255, 3), 82176: (0, 3), 82190: (255, 5), 82204: (255, 4), 82218: (255, 3), 82232: (0, 3), 82246: (255, 3), 82260: (255, 7), 82274: (254, 3), 82288: (255, 3), 82302: (0, 3), 82316: (255, 8), 82330: (255, 3), 82344: (255, 3), 82358: (1, 4), 82372: (1, 9), 82386: (1, 4), 82400: (1, 3), 82414: (1, 3), 82428: (2, 7), 82442: (3, 5), 82456: (2, 3), 82470: (1, 3), 82484: (1, 8), 82498: (3, 5), 82512: (2, 3), 82526: (1, 3), 82540: (255, 6), 82554: (0, 4), 82568: (0, 4), 82582: (255, 4), 82596: (0, 7), 82610: (1, 5), 82624: (0, 4), 82638: (255, 3), 82652: (0, 8), 82666: (0, 4), 82680: (255, 3), 82694: (255, 3), 82708: (0, 9), 82722: (0, 4), 82736: (255, 2), 82750: (255, 2), 82764: (255, 8), 82778: (255, 3), 82792: (254, 2), 82806: (255, 2), 82820: (0, 8), 82834: (255, 3), 82848: (255, 2), 82862: (254, 2), 82876: (255, 7), 82890: (255, 3), 82904: (255, 2), 82918: (254, 2), 82932: (254, 6), 82946: (0, 3), 82960: (1, 3), 82974: (0, 3), 82988: (0, 6), 83002: (254, 2), 83016: (255, 2), 83030: (0, 3), 83044: (0, 6), 83058: (255, 3), 83072: (255, 2), 83086: (255, 3), 83100: (0, 8), 83114: (255, 3), 83128: (255, 3), 83142: (255, 3), 83156: (255, 9), 83170: (255, 4), 83184: (255, 3), 83198: (255, 3), 83212: (0, 10), 83226: (1, 5), 83240: (2, 6), 83254: (1, 4), 83268: (0, 8), 83282: (1, 6), 83296: (2, 5), 83310: (3, 5), 83324: (1, 7), 83338: (255, 5), 83352: (255, 3), 83366: (255, 3), 83380: (0, 4), 83394: (0, 7), 83408: (0, 4), 83422: (0, 3), 83436: (0, 4), 83450: (0, 7), 83464: (255, 3), 83478: (0, 3), 83492: (0, 3), 83506: (0, 6), 83520: (254, 3), 83534: (253, 1), 83548: (254, 1), 83562: (0, 3), 83576: (0, 0), 83590: (255, 127), 83604: (254, 0), 83618: (254, 6), 83632: (0, 3), 83646: (0, 2), 83660: (255, 2), 83674: (255, 6), 83688: (254, 2), 83702: (254, 2), 83716: (254, 1), 83730: (254, 7), 83744: (254, 2), 83758: (255, 2), 83772: (255, 2), 83786: (254, 5), 83800: (254, 3), 83814: (255, 2), 83828: (0, 2), 83842: (255, 2), 83856: (0, 7), 83870: (0, 3), 83884: (1, 2), 83898: (2, 3), 83912: (2, 4), 83926: (1, 8), 83940: (2, 6), 83954: (2, 6), 83968: (0, 3), 83982: (0, 4), 83996: (0, 8), 84010: (255, 3), 84024: (0, 4), 84038: (255, 3), 84052: (254, 3), 84066: (255, 7), 84080: (0, 4), 84094: (1, 4), 84108: (0, 4), 84122: (255, 8), 84136: (255, 4), 84150: (0, 4), 84164: (1, 4), 84178: (0, 3), 84192: (255, 7), 84206: (255, 4), 84220: (0, 3), 84234: (0, 3), 84248: (0, 8), 84262: (0, 4), 84276: (0, 3), 84290: (255, 3), 84304: (0, 4), 84318: (0, 7), 84332: (0, 4), 84346: (0, 3), 84360: (1, 4), 84374: (1, 10), 84388: (1, 4), 84402: (1, 6), 84416: (2, 5), 84430: (0, 8), 84444: (1, 5), 84458: (2, 5), 84472: (1, 4), 84486: (0, 6), 84500: (0, 5), 84514: (0, 4), 84528: (0, 3), 84542: (255, 4), 84556: (0, 6), 84570: (1, 4), 84584: (0, 3), 84598: (0, 3), 84612: (0, 7), 84626: (0, 4), 84640: (1, 4), 84654: (0, 3), 84668: (0, 7), 84682: (0, 4), 84696: (1, 3), 84710: (0, 2), 84724: (0, 7), 84738: (0, 3), 84752: (1, 3), 84766: (1, 2), 84780: (0, 8), 84794: (0, 2), 84808: (255, 0), 84822: (255, 2), 84836: (255, 6), 84850: (1, 4), 84864: (1, 4), 84878: (1, 3), 84892: (2, 4), 84906: (3, 4), 84920: (2, 3), 84934: (2, 3), 84948: (1, 6), 84962: (2, 5), 84976: (2, 3), 84990: (0, 2), 85004: (0, 4), 85018: (1, 6), 85032: (0, 3), 85046: (0, 3), 85060: (0, 4), 85074: (0, 6), 85088: (1, 4), 85102: (1, 3), 85116: (0, 4), 85130: (255, 5), 85144: (255, 3), 85158: (0, 3), 85172: (0, 3), 85186: (0, 6), 85200: (0, 3), 85214: (255, 3), 85228: (0, 3), 85242: (1, 9), 85256: (1, 3), 85270: (0, 2), 85284: (0, 2), 85298: (0, 9), 85312: (0, 4), 85326: (0, 3), 85340: (0, 3), 85354: (0, 8), 85368: (0, 4), 85382: (0, 4), 85396: (255, 3), 85410: (255, 7), 85424: (0, 5), 85438: (0, 4), 85452: (255, 4), 85466: (255, 7), 85480: (0, 6), 85494: (0, 4), 85508: (0, 4), 85522: (0, 5), 85536: (255, 6), 85550: (0, 4), 85564: (0, 4), 85578: (0, 4), 85592: (0, 7), 85606: (1, 2), 85620: (0, 1), 85634: (0, 0), 85648: (255, 7), 85662: (255, 3), 85676: (0, 3), 85690: (1, 4), 85704: (1, 3), 85718: (0, 4), 85732: (0, 1), 85746: (1, 3), 85760: (3, 5), 85774: (2, 9), 85788: (0, 3), 85802: (255, 3), 85816: (0, 3), 85830: (1, 9), 85844: (0, 4), 85858: (255, 3), 85872: (0, 3), 85886: (0, 8), 85900: (0, 5), 85914: (0, 4), 85928: (0, 4), 85942: (255, 8), 85956: (255, 5), 85970: (255, 4), 85984: (0, 4), 85998: (255, 8), 86012: (255, 5), 86026: (0, 5), 86040: (0, 4), 86054: (255, 6), 86068: (255, 6), 86082: (0, 5), 86096: (1, 4), 86110: (0, 4), 86124: (0, 9), 86138: (0, 4), 86152: (0, 4), 86166: (255, 3), 86180: (0, 10), 86194: (255, 4), 86208: (255, 4), 86222: (0, 4), 86236: (0, 10), 86250: (0, 5), 86264: (255, 4), 86278: (255, 4), 86292: (255, 8), 86306: (0, 5), 86320: (0, 3), 86334: (255, 3), 86348: (255, 5), 86362: (0, 5), 86376: (255, 3), 86390: (255, 2), 86404: (255, 1), 86418: (0, 4), 86432: (0, 2), 86446: (255, 3), 86460: (254, 3), 86474: (254, 6), 86488: (255, 2), 86502: (1, 4), 86516: (0, 3), 86530: (0, 8), 86544: (0, 5), 86558: (0, 3), 86572: (0, 4), 86586: (1, 10), 86600: (1, 4), 86614: (2, 4), 86628: (2, 4), 86642: (1, 10), 86656: (1, 5), 86670: (2, 3), 86684: (2, 2), 86698: (2, 9), 86712: (2, 4), 86726: (255, 3), 86740: (255, 3), 86754: (0, 8), 86768: (1, 5), 86782: (0, 4), 86796: (255, 3), 86810: (255, 7), 86824: (0, 5), 86838: (0, 4), 86852: (255, 3), 86866: (255, 4), 86880: (1, 8), 86894: (1, 6), 86908: (1, 5), 86922: (1, 4), 86936: (1, 8), 86950: (3, 5), 86964: (2, 6), 86978: (2, 5), 86992: (1, 9), 87006: (1, 3), 87020: (2, 3), 87034: (1, 3), 87048: (0, 7), 87062: (0, 5), 87076: (255, 3), 87090: (0, 3), 87104: (1, 7), 87118: (0, 5), 87132: (0, 4), 87146: (255, 3), 87160: (255, 6), 87174: (0, 5), 87188: (255, 3), 87202: (255, 2), 87216: (255, 6), 87230: (0, 5), 87244: (0, 4), 87258: (0, 3), 87272: (0, 4), 87286: (0, 5), 87300: (1, 3), 87314: (0, 2), 87328: (255, 3), 87342: (0, 5), 87356: (255, 3), 87370: (0, 2), 87384: (255, 3), 87398: (255, 6), 87412: (0, 4), 87426: (1, 4), 87440: (0, 4), 87454: (0, 8), 87468: (0, 3), 87482: (255, 3), 87496: (255, 3), 87510: (255, 8), 87524: (255, 3), 87538: (255, 3), 87552: (255, 3), 87566: (255, 3), 87580: (254, 8), 87594: (255, 4), 87608: (255, 4), 87622: (0, 4), 87636: (255, 4), 87650: (255, 8), 87664: (255, 4), 87678: (255, 4), 87692: (0, 3), 87706: (0, 5), 87720: (0, 5), 87734: (0, 3), 87748: (0, 3), 87762: (0, 3), 87776: (0, 7), 87790: (0, 5), 87804: (0, 4), 87818: (0, 2), 87832: (0, 2), 87846: (0, 5), 87860: (0, 2), 87874: (255, 2), 87888: (255, 2), 87902: (255, 2), 87916: (255, 6), 87930: (255, 2), 87944: (255, 2), 87958: (255, 2), 87972: (0, 7), 87986: (1, 6), 88000: (0, 4), 88014: (1, 3), 88028: (2, 3), 88042: (1, 8), 88056: (1, 3), 88070: (1, 3), 88084: (2, 5), 88098: (2, 4), 88112: (1, 7), 88126: (255, 3), 88140: (0, 4), 88154: (0, 2), 88168: (0, 8), 88182: (255, 4), 88196: (255, 3), 88210: (1, 4), 88224: (1, 5), 88238: (0, 9), 88252: (0, 4), 88266: (0, 4), 88280: (1, 3), 88294: (1, 7), 88308: (1, 5), 88322: (0, 4), 88336: (0, 4), 88350: (0, 4), 88364: (1, 8), 88378: (0, 4), 88392: (0, 3), 88406: (255, 2), 88420: (0, 8), 88434: (0, 4), 88448: (0, 3), 88462: (255, 2), 88476: (255, 5), 88490: (0, 4), 88504: (255, 3), 88518: (254, 1), 88532: (255, 2), 88546: (0, 6), 88560: (0, 3), 88574: (255, 3), 88588: (255, 3), 88602: (255, 9), 88616: (0, 4), 88630: (0, 3), 88644: (1, 4), 88658: (0, 8), 88672: (1, 4), 88686: (1, 5), 88700: (1, 4), 88714: (0, 8), 88728: (0, 4), 88742: (0, 4), 88756: (1, 4), 88770: (0, 5), 88784: (255, 5), 88798: (0, 4), 88812: (0, 3), 88826: (0, 5), 88840: (255, 6), 88854: (255, 5), 88868: (255, 4), 88882: (0, 4), 88896: (0, 9), 88910: (0, 5), 88924: (255, 3), 88938: (255, 4), 88952: (255, 9), 88966: (1, 6), 88980: (0, 4), 88994: (0, 4), 89008: (0, 7), 89022: (0, 6), 89036: (255, 4), 89050: (0, 4), 89064: (0, 4), 89078: (0, 8), 89092: (0, 5), 89106: (0, 4), 89120: (255, 4), 89134: (255, 9), 89148: (0, 5), 89162: (0, 4), 89176: (255, 3), 89190: (255, 8), 89204: (255, 3), 89218: (0, 3), 89232: (255, 2), 89246: (255, 8), 89260: (255, 4), 89274: (255, 3), 89288: (0, 3), 89302: (0, 7), 89316: (255, 4), 89330: (254, 2), 89344: (255, 2), 89358: (255, 7), 89372: (255, 3), 89386: (254, 1), 89400: (254, 1), 89414: (255, 2), 89428: (0, 4), 89442: (255, 1), 89456: (255, 2), 89470: (255, 2), 89484: (255, 7), 89498: (255, 4), 89512: (255, 3), 89526: (255, 3), 89540: (255, 3), 89554: (0, 10), 89568: (255, 4), 89582: (255, 4), 89596: (0, 4), 89610: (0, 4), 89624: (0, 6), 89638: (0, 3), 89652: (255, 3), 89666: (255, 2), 89680: (255, 8), 89694: (0, 4), 89708: (0, 3), 89722: (0, 3), 89736: (255, 4), 89750: (0, 6), 89764: (0, 4), 89778: (255, 4), 89792: (255, 3), 89806: (0, 7), 89820: (2, 6), 89834: (1, 4), 89848: (1, 4), 89862: (0, 3), 89876: (1, 9), 89890: (1, 3), 89904: (2, 3), 89918: (0, 3), 89932: (0, 9), 89946: (0, 4), 89960: (0, 3), 89974: (0, 3), 89988: (0, 8), 90002: (255, 4), 90016: (255, 3), 90030: (255, 3), 90044: (0, 6), 90058: (0, 5), 90072: (0, 5), 90086: (0, 4), 90100: (0, 4), 90114: (255, 7), 90128: (0, 4), 90142: (0, 3), 90156: (0, 4), 90170: (255, 7), 90184: (255, 4), 90198: (255, 3), 90212: (0, 3), 90226: (0, 7), 90240: (0, 3), 90254: (255, 2), 90268: (255, 2), 90282: (255, 7), 90296: (255, 2), 90310: (255, 2), 90324: (255, 2), 90338: (255, 8), 90352: (255, 2), 90366: (255, 2), 90380: (255, 2), 90394: (0, 8), 90408: (0, 3), 90422: (0, 3), 90436: (0, 2), 90450: (0, 6), 90464: (0, 3), 90478: (2, 4), 90492: (2, 3), 90506: (0, 7), 90520: (1, 5), 90534: (255, 3), 90548: (255, 3), 90562: (0, 5), 90576: (0, 6), 90590: (255, 3), 90604: (255, 3), 90618: (0, 3), 90632: (0, 7), 90646: (0, 3), 90660: (0, 3), 90674: (1, 3), 90688: (0, 9), 90702: (255, 3), 90716: (0, 3), 90730: (0, 1), 90744: (0, 4), 90758: (0, 3), 90772: (2, 3), 90786: (1, 2), 90800: (0, 4), 90814: (1, 4), 90828: (3, 4), 90842: (2, 2), 90856: (0, 2), 90870: (0, 6), 90884: (1, 3), 90898: (1, 3), 90912: (0, 4), 90926: (0, 5), 90940: (0, 3), 90954: (1, 3), 90968: (0, 5), 90982: (0, 5), 90996: (0, 3), 91010: (0, 3), 91024: (0, 7), 91038: (0, 5), 91052: (0, 4), 91066: (255, 3), 91080: (0, 9), 91094: (1, 5), 91108: (0, 3), 91122: (255, 3), 91136: (255, 8), 91150: (0, 4), 91164: (1, 5), 91178: (0, 4), 91192: (255, 6), 91206: (255, 3), 91220: (1, 4), 91234: (0, 7), 91248: (0, 5), 91262: (255, 4), 91276: (255, 3), 91290: (255, 9), 91304: (255, 4), 91318: (255, 3), 91332: (255, 3), 91346: (0, 7), 91360: (255, 3), 91374: (255, 2), 91388: (255, 6), 91402: (255, 4), 91416: (0, 2), 91430: (255, 2), 91444: (255, 8), 91458: (255, 3), 91472: (255, 3), 91486: (255, 4), 91500: (255, 6), 91514: (255, 3), 91528: (255, 2), 91542: (254, 6), 91556: (255, 5), 91570: (255, 3), 91584: (0, 3), 91598: (255, 8), 91612: (255, 4), 91626: (255, 3), 91640: (255, 3), 91654: (255, 9), 91668: (0, 5), 91682: (0, 5), 91696: (0, 5), 91710: (0, 9), 91724: (255, 5), 91738: (0, 4), 91752: (0, 3), 91766: (1, 10), 91780: (0, 5), 91794: (255, 3), 91808: (254, 4), 91822: (255, 9), 91836: (1, 3), 91850: (0, 2), 91864: (255, 2), 91878: (255, 9), 91892: (0, 5), 91906: (0, 4), 91920: (255, 3), 91934: (0, 9), 91948: (0, 5), 91962: (255, 3), 91976: (255, 3), 91990: (255, 10), 92004: (0, 5), 92018: (0, 4), 92032: (0, 4), 92046: (255, 10), 92060: (255, 4), 92074: (0, 4), 92088: (1, 4), 92102: (0, 9), 92116: (255, 3), 92130: (255, 3), 92144: (255, 6), 92158: (0, 6), 92172: (255, 3), 92186: (255, 3), 92200: (255, 8), 92214: (255, 4), 92228: (255, 3), 92242: (255, 2), 92256: (255, 9), 92270: (255, 3), 92284: (255, 2), 92298: (255, 2), 92312: (0, 8), 92326: (0, 3), 92340: (0, 1), 92354: (1, 5), 92368: (3, 9), 92382: (1, 4), 92396: (0, 3), 92410: (0, 5), 92424: (0, 5), 92438: (1, 4), 92452: (0, 3), 92466: (255, 7), 92480: (0, 6), 92494: (0, 3), 92508: (0, 3), 92522: (255, 8), 92536: (255, 4), 92550: (0, 3), 92564: (255, 3), 92578: (255, 10), 92592: (255, 4), 92606: (0, 3), 92620: (0, 4), 92634: (0, 10), 92648: (255, 3), 92662: (255, 3), 92676: (0, 4), 92690: (0, 10), 92704: (255, 4), 92718: (255, 3), 92732: (255, 3), 92746: (0, 9), 92760: (0, 4), 92774: (255, 3), 92788: (255, 4), 92802: (255, 6), 92816: (255, 3), 92830: (255, 3), 92844: (0, 7), 92858: (255, 6), 92872: (255, 4), 92886: (255, 4), 92900: (255, 9), 92914: (1, 5), 92928: (0, 4), 92942: (255, 3), 92956: (0, 10), 92970: (0, 4), 92984: (255, 3), 92998: (255, 3), 93012: (0, 10), 93026: (0, 4), 93040: (255, 3), 93054: (254, 4), 93068: (255, 9), 93082: (255, 4), 93096: (255, 4), 93110: (0, 3), 93124: (254, 7), 93138: (254, 4), 93152: (255, 2), 93166: (0, 7), 93180: (0, 5), 93194: (254, 3), 93208: (254, 2), 93222: (254, 8), 93236: (254, 3), 93250: (254, 2), 93264: (254, 1), 93278: (254, 6), 93292: (254, 2), 93306: (253, 1), 93320: (253, 6), 93334: (255, 3), 93348: (255, 2), 93362: (254, 1), 93376: (254, 7), 93390: (253, 2), 93404: (254, 2), 93418: (254, 1), 93432: (255, 6), 93446: (255, 0), 93460: (253, 0), 93474: (254, 1), 93488: (254, 7), 93502: (254, 2), 93516: (254, 2), 93530: (254, 2), 93544: (254, 8), 93558: (254, 3), 93572: (254, 2), 93586: (255, 3), 93600: (0, 9), 93614: (255, 2), 93628: (0, 3), 93642: (254, 3), 93656: (252, 7), 93670: (254, 4), 93684: (252, 3), 93698: (1, 2), 93712: (253, 5), 93726: (252, 3), 93740: (255, 3), 93754: (251, 1), 93768: (252, 2), 93782: (251, 3), 93796: (252, 3), 93810: (251, 2), 93824: (254, 2), 93838: (252, 7), 93852: (1, 4), 93866: (251, 1), 93880: (252, 0), 93894: (252, 6), 93908: (251, 2), 93922: (251, 0), 93936: (251, 1), 93950: (0, 6), 93964: (251, 1), 93978: (250, 0), 93992: (250, 2), 94006: (250, 2), 94020: (252, 1), 94034: (252, 0), 94048: (253, 6), 94062: (253, 2), 94076: (251, 1), 94090: (250, 0), 94104: (255, 7), 94118: (252, 3), 94132: (250, 2), 94146: (250, 2), 94160: (251, 7), 94174: (250, 3), 94188: (250, 1), 94202: (251, 2), 94216: (251, 6), 94230: (252, 4), 94244: (255, 3), 94258: (249, 0), 94272: (252, 4), 94286: (254, 7), 94300: (4, 4), 1: (5, 125), 15: (12, 9), 29: (12, 12), 43: (249, 118), 57: (255, 121), 71: (253, 123), 85: (248, 119), 99: (250, 118), 113: (249, 117), 127: (243, 5), 141: (248, 118), 155: (9, 12), 169: (243, 6), 183: (1, 122), 197: (248, 118), 211: (252, 119), 225: (250, 118), 239: (6, 1), 253: (1, 124), 267: (244, 6), 281: (0, 125), 295: (244, 7), 309: (249, 118), 323: (250, 118), 337: (243, 5), 351: (6, 127), 365: (243, 9), 379: (2, 126), 393: (249, 119), 407: (0, 124), 421: (12, 11), 435: (244, 7), 449: (247, 118), 463: (3, 124), 477: (10, 11), 491: (0, 124), 505: (1, 123), 519: (1, 122), 533: (2, 123), 547: (5, 1), 561: (5, 127), 575: (4, 123), 589: (0, 124), 603: (254, 125), 617: (248, 122), 631: (4, 127), 645: (2, 121), 659: (10, 7), 673: (251, 119), 687: (249, 119), 701: (0, 127), 715: (0, 125), 729: (5, 125), 743: (254, 124), 757: (6, 126), 771: (1, 127), 785: (1, 125), 799: (0, 124), 813: (255, 124), 827: (1, 125), 841: (1, 0), 855: (0, 124), 869: (1, 124), 883: (2, 124), 897: (0, 124), 911: (0, 0), 925: (0, 125), 939: (1, 125), 953: (1, 125), 967: (1, 125), 981: (1, 0), 995: (0, 125), 1009: (1, 125), 1023: (2, 125), 1037: (2, 125), 1051: (0, 126), 1065: (1, 125), 1079: (2, 125), 1093: (1, 125), 1107: (1, 125), 1121: (1, 124), 1135: (1, 0), 1149: (1, 125), 1163: (1, 125), 1177: (1, 125), 1191: (1, 126), 1205: (1, 0), 1219: (2, 126), 1233: (2, 126), 1247: (1, 125), 1261: (1, 0), 1275: (2, 127), 1289: (2, 126), 1303: (1, 125), 1317: (1, 126), 1331: (2, 3), 1345: (1, 126), 1359: (2, 126), 1373: (2, 126), 1387: (1, 0), 1401: (1, 125), 1415: (2, 125), 1429: (3, 125), 1443: (2, 125), 1457: (1, 0), 1471: (1, 126), 1485: (2, 125), 1499: (2, 125), 1513: (2, 1), 1527: (2, 124), 1541: (2, 124), 1555: (2, 124), 1569: (2, 125), 1583: (2, 0), 1597: (1, 125), 1611: (1, 125), 1625: (2, 125), 1639: (2, 0), 1653: (1, 126), 1667: (1, 125), 1681: (2, 125), 1695: (2, 126), 1709: (1, 0), 1723: (1, 125), 1737: (1, 125), 1751: (1, 125), 1765: (2, 1), 1779: (2, 126), 1793: (1, 126), 1807: (1, 126), 1821: (1, 2), 1835: (2, 127), 1849: (1, 126), 1863: (1, 126), 1877: (2, 127), 1891: (2, 0), 1905: (0, 125), 1919: (1, 126), 1933: (2, 127), 1947: (2, 1), 1961: (1, 127), 1975: (1, 126), 1989: (1, 126), 2003: (1, 2), 2017: (2, 127), 2031: (2, 127), 2045: (1, 126), 2059: (0, 1), 2073: (1, 127), 2087: (2, 127), 2101: (1, 127), 2115: (1, 127), 2129: (2, 0), 2143: (1, 127), 2157: (1, 126), 2171: (1, 126), 2185: (2, 3), 2199: (2, 127), 2213: (1, 126), 2227: (2, 126), 2241: (1, 127), 2255: (1, 125), 2269: (1, 125), 2283: (2, 126), 2297: (2, 126), 2311: (2, 1), 2325: (1, 126), 2339: (1, 126), 2353: (1, 126), 2367: (2, 3), 2381: (2, 127), 2395: (1, 126), 2409: (0, 125), 2423: (1, 126), 2437: (2, 1), 2451: (2, 127), 2465: (1, 126), 2479: (2, 125), 2493: (2, 1), 2507: (2, 127), 2521: (2, 125), 2535: (2, 124), 2549: (2, 124), 2563: (3, 127), 2577: (3, 125), 2591: (2, 124), 2605: (1, 124), 2619: (2, 1), 2633: (3, 127), 2647: (1, 125), 2661: (1, 125), 2675: (2, 1), 2689: (2, 127), 2703: (1, 126), 2717: (1, 126), 2731: (2, 127), 2745: (1, 126), 2759: (1, 126), 2773: (2, 126), 2787: (2, 126), 2801: (1, 1), 2815: (1, 126), 2829: (2, 126), 2843: (1, 126), 2857: (1, 2), 2871: (2, 126), 2885: (2, 126), 2899: (2, 126), 2913: (1, 125), 2927: (1, 1), 2941: (1, 126), 2955: (2, 125), 2969: (1, 125), 2983: (2, 2), 2997: (1, 127), 3011: (0, 126), 3025: (1, 126), 3039: (2, 2), 3053: (2, 127), 3067: (2, 125), 3081: (2, 124), 3095: (2, 127), 3109: (2, 126), 3123: (2, 125), 3137: (2, 124), 3151: (1, 0), 3165: (1, 126), 3179: (2, 126), 3193: (1, 125), 3207: (1, 125), 3221: (2, 1), 3235: (3, 126), 3249: (1, 125), 3263: (1, 125), 3277: (2, 2), 3291: (2, 126), 3305: (2, 126), 3319: (1, 125), 3333: (1, 2), 3347: (1, 127), 3361: (1, 126), 3375: (2, 126), 3389: (1, 2), 3403: (1, 126), 3417: (2, 125), 3431: (2, 125), 3445: (1, 127), 3459: (1, 125), 3473: (2, 125), 3487: (3, 125), 3501: (2, 126), 3515: (2, 0), 3529: (2, 126), 3543: (3, 126), 3557: (2, 126), 3571: (2, 1), 3585: (2, 126), 3599: (1, 125), 3613: (2, 126), 3627: (2, 2), 3641: (2, 127), 3655: (2, 126), 3669: (2, 125), 3683: (2, 126), 3697: (3, 127), 3711: (2, 126), 3725: (3, 125), 3739: (4, 125), 3753: (3, 1), 3767: (2, 125), 3781: (2, 125), 3795: (1, 124), 3809: (2, 1), 3823: (2, 125), 3837: (2, 125), 3851: (1, 124), 3865: (0, 1), 3879: (1, 126), 3893: (2, 126), 3907: (2, 126), 3921: (1, 0), 3935: (1, 126), 3949: (1, 126), 3963: (2, 125), 3977: (3, 125), 3991: (2, 1), 4005: (3, 127), 4019: (3, 126), 4033: (3, 126), 4047: (1, 1), 4061: (2, 126), 4075: (2, 126), 4089: (2, 126), 4103: (1, 2), 4117: (1, 127), 4131: (1, 126), 4145: (1, 126), 4159: (2, 1), 4173: (3, 126), 4187: (2, 126), 4201: (1, 124), 4215: (2, 125), 4229: (3, 1), 4243: (2, 126), 4257: (1, 125), 4271: (1, 125), 4285: (2, 1), 4299: (1, 126), 4313: (1, 125), 4327: (1, 126), 4341: (1, 126), 4355: (2, 0), 4369: (2, 126), 4383: (1, 125), 4397: (1, 124), 4411: (2, 1), 4425: (2, 126), 4439: (1, 125), 4453: (1, 125), 4467: (1, 0), 4481: (2, 127), 4495: (1, 126), 4509: (1, 125), 4523: (1, 126), 4537: (1, 127), 4551: (1, 125), 4565: (1, 125), 4579: (2, 125), 4593: (1, 1), 4607: (1, 126), 4621: (2, 125), 4635: (2, 125), 4649: (2, 125), 4663: (2, 125), 4677: (2, 125), 4691: (1, 0), 4705: (1, 126), 4719: (2, 126), 4733: (3, 126), 4747: (1, 125), 4761: (2, 126), 4775: (2, 1), 4789: (1, 126), 4803: (1, 126), 4817: (2, 126), 4831: (2, 125), 4845: (1, 125), 4859: (1, 127), 4873: (2, 125), 4887: (4, 125), 4901: (3, 124), 4915: (2, 124), 4929: (4, 1), 4943: (3, 124), 4957: (2, 125), 4971: (2, 124), 4985: (2, 126), 4999: (1, 127), 5013: (1, 125), 5027: (2, 125), 5041: (2, 125), 5055: (1, 0), 5069: (2, 126), 5083: (2, 126), 5097: (2, 125), 5111: (2, 126), 5125: (2, 0), 5139: (2, 125), 5153: (2, 125), 5167: (2, 125), 5181: (2, 1), 5195: (2, 126), 5209: (2, 126), 5223: (3, 125), 5237: (3, 124), 5251: (2, 127), 5265: (2, 125), 5279: (1, 125), 5293: (1, 125), 5307: (3, 0), 5321: (2, 127), 5335: (1, 125), 5349: (1, 125), 5363: (2, 125), 5377: (2, 0), 5391: (1, 125), 5405: (2, 124), 5419: (2, 125), 5433: (2, 127), 5447: (1, 124), 5461: (1, 123), 5475: (2, 124), 5489: (3, 124), 5503: (2, 0), 5517: (1, 125), 5531: (1, 125), 5545: (1, 125), 5559: (2, 127), 5573: (2, 0), 5587: (2, 126), 5601: (0, 126), 5615: (1, 125), 5629: (2, 2), 5643: (3, 125), 5657: (3, 125), 5671: (2, 123), 5685: (2, 124), 5699: (2, 0), 5713: (1, 125), 5727: (1, 125), 5741: (2, 125), 5755: (2, 1), 5769: (2, 126), 5783: (1, 126), 5797: (1, 125), 5811: (2, 126), 5825: (3, 127), 5839: (2, 125), 5853: (2, 125), 5867: (1, 125), 5881: (2, 2), 5895: (2, 126), 5909: (2, 126), 5923: (1, 125), 5937: (1, 126), 5951: (1, 0), 5965: (1, 127), 5979: (1, 125), 5993: (2, 126), 6007: (1, 2), 6021: (1, 127), 6035: (1, 126), 6049: (1, 126), 6063: (1, 126), 6077: (2, 1), 6091: (2, 127), 6105: (1, 126), 6119: (1, 126), 6133: (1, 3), 6147: (1, 127), 6161: (1, 127), 6175: (1, 126), 6189: (0, 1), 6203: (0, 127), 6217: (2, 127), 6231: (2, 126), 6245: (1, 126), 6259: (1, 127), 6273: (2, 124), 6287: (2, 125), 6301: (1, 125), 6315: (1, 0), 6329: (2, 127), 6343: (1, 126), 6357: (0, 126), 6371: (1, 126), 6385: (2, 0), 6399: (1, 126), 6413: (2, 127), 6427: (2, 126), 6441: (2, 3), 6455: (2, 126), 6469: (1, 125), 6483: (2, 125), 6497: (2, 1), 6511: (2, 126), 6525: (2, 125), 6539: (1, 125), 6553: (1, 126), 6567: (2, 1), 6581: (3, 127), 6595: (2, 126), 6609: (1, 126), 6623: (2, 2), 6637: (2, 127), 6651: (2, 126), 6665: (1, 125), 6679: (2, 1), 6693: (2, 127), 6707: (1, 125), 6721: (1, 125), 6735: (1, 127), 6749: (2, 127), 6763: (2, 126), 6777: (1, 126), 6791: (0, 125), 6805: (1, 1), 6819: (2, 127), 6833: (2, 126), 6847: (1, 125), 6861: (0, 125), 6875: (1, 0), 6889: (1, 127), 6903: (1, 126), 6917: (1, 125), 6931: (1, 126), 6945: (1, 1), 6959: (0, 127), 6973: (1, 126), 6987: (2, 126), 7001: (1, 126), 7015: (1, 2), 7029: (1, 127), 7043: (1, 126), 7057: (0, 126), 7071: (1, 0), 7085: (2, 0), 7099: (2, 127), 7113: (1, 126), 7127: (1, 126), 7141: (1, 3), 7155: (1, 127), 7169: (1, 126), 7183: (2, 127), 7197: (0, 1), 7211: (1, 127), 7225: (1, 127), 7239: (1, 126), 7253: (1, 126), 7267: (1, 3), 7281: (2, 127), 7295: (2, 127), 7309: (1, 126), 7323: (0, 0), 7337: (1, 0), 7351: (2, 127), 7365: (2, 127), 7379: (1, 126), 7393: (0, 1), 7407: (0, 125), 7421: (1, 126), 7435: (1, 126), 7449: (2, 2), 7463: (2, 126), 7477: (2, 127), 7491: (1, 125), 7505: (1, 1), 7519: (1, 127), 7533: (2, 126), 7547: (1, 127), 7561: (1, 126), 7575: (2, 2), 7589: (1, 126), 7603: (1, 125), 7617: (2, 125), 7631: (2, 1), 7645: (1, 125), 7659: (0, 125), 7673: (1, 125), 7687: (2, 1), 7701: (2, 126), 7715: (1, 125), 7729: (1, 125), 7743: (1, 2), 7757: (1, 125), 7771: (2, 125), 7785: (2, 126), 7799: (1, 2), 7813: (1, 126), 7827: (1, 125), 7841: (1, 125), 7855: (0, 1), 7869: (0, 126), 7883: (1, 126), 7897: (0, 126), 7911: (0, 1), 7925: (1, 126), 7939: (1, 126), 7953: (1, 126), 7967: (1, 127), 7981: (1, 1), 7995: (0, 126), 8009: (0, 126), 8023: (1, 127), 8037: (1, 3), 8051: (1, 127), 8065: (1, 127), 8079: (1, 126), 8093: (1, 0), 8107: (1, 127), 8121: (2, 126), 8135: (1, 125), 8149: (1, 124), 8163: (1, 127), 8177: (1, 125), 8191: (1, 125), 8205: (0, 124), 8219: (1, 1), 8233: (2, 126), 8247: (1, 125), 8261: (1, 125), 8275: (2, 127), 8289: (2, 127), 8303: (1, 126), 8317: (1, 126), 8331: (1, 125), 8345: (2, 2), 8359: (2, 127), 8373: (2, 126), 8387: (1, 126), 8401: (1, 2), 8415: (3, 127), 8429: (3, 126), 8443: (2, 125), 8457: (1, 0), 8471: (2, 0), 8485: (2, 127), 8499: (1, 127), 8513: (1, 0), 8527: (2, 0), 8541: (1, 126), 8555: (2, 127), 8569: (2, 125), 8583: (2, 1), 8597: (1, 126), 8611: (2, 125), 8625: (2, 125), 8639: (2, 2), 8653: (1, 125), 8667: (1, 124), 8681: (1, 125), 8695: (2, 2), 8709: (2, 126), 8723: (1, 125), 8737: (0, 125), 8751: (1, 2), 8765: (2, 126), 8779: (3, 125), 8793: (2, 124), 8807: (2, 0), 8821: (3, 123), 8835: (2, 124), 8849: (2, 125), 8863: (2, 1), 8877: (2, 125), 8891: (1, 125), 8905: (1, 125), 8919: (2, 1), 8933: (3, 126), 8947: (3, 126), 8961: (3, 127), 8975: (3, 0), 8989: (1, 126), 9003: (1, 125), 9017: (2, 2), 9031: (3, 127), 9045: (2, 125), 9059: (1, 124), 9073: (1, 2), 9087: (1, 126), 9101: (1, 125), 9115: (2, 127), 9129: (2, 127), 9143: (1, 125), 9157: (1, 125), 9171: (1, 1), 9185: (2, 126), 9199: (1, 125), 9213: (1, 125), 9227: (2, 3), 9241: (1, 127), 9255: (0, 125), 9269: (1, 1), 9283: (2, 0), 9297: (1, 127), 9311: (1, 127), 9325: (0, 2), 9339: (1, 127), 9353: (1, 126), 9367: (1, 127), 9381: (2, 3), 9395: (1, 127), 9409: (0, 126), 9423: (1, 2), 9437: (2, 0), 9451: (1, 126), 9465: (2, 127), 9479: (2, 4), 9493: (1, 0), 9507: (1, 127), 9521: (1, 127), 9535: (2, 1), 9549: (2, 127), 9563: (2, 126), 9577: (1, 2), 9591: (1, 126), 9605: (1, 125), 9619: (2, 126), 9633: (2, 3), 9647: (1, 127), 9661: (1, 126), 9675: (2, 127), 9689: (2, 1), 9703: (1, 126), 9717: (2, 126), 9731: (1, 2), 9745: (1, 127), 9759: (1, 126), 9773: (1, 126), 9787: (1, 3), 9801: (1, 127), 9815: (1, 126), 9829: (1, 127), 9843: (1, 0), 9857: (1, 126), 9871: (1, 126), 9885: (2, 2), 9899: (1, 0), 9913: (1, 126), 9927: (1, 126), 9941: (1, 3), 9955: (2, 0), 9969: (2, 127), 9983: (1, 126), 9997: (0, 3), 10011: (0, 127), 10025: (1, 127), 10039: (2, 127), 10053: (1, 3), 10067: (1, 127), 10081: (1, 127), 10095: (1, 127), 10109: (1, 3), 10123: (1, 126), 10137: (1, 126), 10151: (1, 127), 10165: (1, 3), 10179: (1, 126), 10193: (1, 126), 10207: (1, 126), 10221: (2, 3), 10235: (2, 127), 10249: (0, 126), 10263: (1, 127), 10277: (1, 3), 10291: (2, 0), 10305: (1, 126), 10319: (1, 126), 10333: (1, 3), 10347: (1, 127), 10361: (1, 126), 10375: (1, 126), 10389: (1, 3), 10403: (1, 127), 10417: (1, 126), 10431: (2, 127), 10445: (2, 1), 10459: (2, 126), 10473: (3, 127), 10487: (3, 0), 10501: (2, 1), 10515: (2, 127), 10529: (1, 126), 10543: (1, 0), 10557: (2, 1), 10571: (2, 127), 10585: (1, 126), 10599: (0, 1), 10613: (2, 127), 10627: (3, 126), 10641: (2, 125), 10655: (1, 0), 10669: (2, 126), 10683: (2, 125), 10697: (1, 125), 10711: (1, 0), 10725: (1, 126), 10739: (1, 126), 10753: (1, 125), 10767: (1, 127), 10781: (2, 127), 10795: (2, 124), 10809: (2, 124), 10823: (3, 0), 10837: (3, 127), 10851: (1, 126), 10865: (1, 125), 10879: (2, 1), 10893: (2, 0), 10907: (1, 126), 10921: (1, 127), 10935: (1, 1), 10949: (1, 127), 10963: (1, 127), 10977: (1, 126), 10991: (2, 2), 11005: (1, 0), 11019: (1, 127), 11033: (1, 127), 11047: (1, 1), 11061: (1, 0), 11075: (1, 127), 11089: (1, 127), 11103: (0, 1), 11117: (1, 0), 11131: (1, 126), 11145: (1, 127), 11159: (1, 0), 11173: (2, 1), 11187: (1, 127), 11201: (0, 126), 11215: (1, 0), 11229: (3, 2), 11243: (2, 127), 11257: (1, 126), 11271: (2, 2), 11285: (3, 0), 11299: (3, 127), 11313: (2, 126), 11327: (3, 2), 11341: (2, 127), 11355: (1, 127), 11369: (1, 126), 11383: (2, 4), 11397: (1, 127), 11411: (1, 126), 11425: (2, 126), 11439: (2, 3), 11453: (1, 126), 11467: (1, 125), 11481: (1, 125), 11495: (2, 2), 11509: (1, 125), 11523: (1, 125), 11537: (0, 125), 11551: (1, 3), 11565: (1, 127), 11579: (2, 126), 11593: (1, 125), 11607: (1, 1), 11621: (1, 126), 11635: (2, 126), 11649: (1, 125), 11663: (0, 0), 11677: (2, 0), 11691: (2, 126), 11705: (1, 126), 11719: (1, 125), 11733: (1, 2), 11747: (0, 126), 11761: (1, 126), 11775: (1, 125), 11789: (0, 125), 11803: (0, 1), 11817: (2, 127), 11831: (2, 127), 11845: (1, 126), 11859: (0, 126), 11873: (2, 2), 11887: (2, 127), 11901: (1, 126), 11915: (1, 125), 11929: (1, 126), 11943: (2, 2), 11957: (1, 126), 11971: (1, 126), 11985: (1, 125), 11999: (1, 126), 12013: (1, 1), 12027: (1, 126), 12041: (1, 126), 12055: (0, 126), 12069: (1, 2), 12083: (2, 127), 12097: (1, 127), 12111: (0, 126), 12125: (1, 126), 12139: (2, 2), 12153: (2, 127), 12167: (1, 126), 12181: (1, 126), 12195: (1, 1), 12209: (1, 127), 12223: (2, 127), 12237: (2, 127), 12251: (0, 126), 12265: (1, 1), 12279: (1, 127), 12293: (1, 127), 12307: (1, 126), 12321: (2, 3), 12335: (2, 127), 12349: (1, 127), 12363: (1, 127), 12377: (1, 2), 12391: (1, 127), 12405: (2, 127), 12419: (1, 126), 12433: (1, 1), 12447: (0, 127), 12461: (1, 126), 12475: (1, 126), 12489: (1, 0), 12503: (1, 1), 12517: (1, 127), 12531: (1, 127), 12545: (1, 127), 12559: (2, 3), 12573: (2, 127), 12587: (1, 126), 12601: (1, 127), 12615: (1, 2), 12629: (2, 0), 12643: (1, 127), 12657: (0, 126), 12671: (1, 126), 12685: (2, 2), 12699: (0, 127), 12713: (0, 126), 12727: (1, 126), 12741: (1, 4), 12755: (1, 127), 12769: (1, 126), 12783: (0, 126), 12797: (1, 2), 12811: (1, 127), 12825: (2, 127), 12839: (1, 127), 12853: (0, 127), 12867: (1, 1), 12881: (2, 0), 12895: (1, 127), 12909: (1, 126), 12923: (1, 2), 12937: (1, 127), 12951: (1, 127), 12965: (0, 126), 12979: (1, 2), 12993: (1, 127), 13007: (1, 126), 13021: (1, 127), 13035: (1, 1), 13049: (1, 127), 13063: (1, 126), 13077: (2, 127), 13091: (2, 0), 13105: (2, 1), 13119: (0, 127), 13133: (1, 126), 13147: (1, 127), 13161: (1, 1), 13175: (1, 126), 13189: (1, 127), 13203: (0, 126), 13217: (1, 3), 13231: (1, 127), 13245: (1, 126), 13259: (1, 126), 13273: (1, 3), 13287: (1, 127), 13301: (1, 126), 13315: (1, 125), 13329: (1, 1), 13343: (1, 127), 13357: (1, 126), 13371: (1, 127), 13385: (0, 127), 13399: (1, 1), 13413: (1, 127), 13427: (1, 127), 13441: (0, 126), 13455: (0, 2), 13469: (0, 127), 13483: (1, 127), 13497: (1, 126), 13511: (0, 2), 13525: (0, 127), 13539: (0, 126), 13553: (1, 126), 13567: (0, 126), 13581: (1, 0), 13595: (1, 126), 13609: (0, 126), 13623: (1, 126), 13637: (1, 3), 13651: (0, 127), 13665: (0, 126), 13679: (1, 127), 13693: (1, 3), 13707: (0, 127), 13721: (0, 127), 13735: (0, 127), 13749: (1, 127), 13763: (1, 0), 13777: (1, 127), 13791: (1, 127), 13805: (0, 126), 13819: (1, 3), 13833: (1, 0), 13847: (1, 127), 13861: (1, 127), 13875: (1, 127), 13889: (1, 2), 13903: (0, 127), 13917: (1, 127), 13931: (1, 127), 13945: (1, 3), 13959: (1, 127), 13973: (1, 127), 13987: (0, 126), 14001: (0, 127), 14015: (1, 3), 14029: (1, 127), 14043: (1, 127), 14057: (0, 126), 14071: (0, 2), 14085: (2, 0), 14099: (2, 0), 14113: (0, 126), 14127: (0, 126), 14141: (0, 3), 14155: (0, 126), 14169: (1, 126), 14183: (1, 127), 14197: (1, 1), 14211: (1, 0), 14225: (2, 127), 14239: (2, 126), 14253: (2, 0), 14267: (2, 2), 14281: (2, 127), 14295: (2, 127), 14309: (0, 126), 14323: (1, 3), 14337: (1, 127), 14351: (1, 127), 14365: (1, 126), 14379: (1, 1), 14393: (1, 0), 14407: (1, 127), 14421: (1, 126), 14435: (2, 126), 14449: (1, 2), 14463: (1, 127), 14477: (1, 127), 14491: (1, 126), 14505: (1, 3), 14519: (1, 127), 14533: (1, 126), 14547: (1, 126), 14561: (1, 2), 14575: (1, 127), 14589: (1, 126), 14603: (1, 126), 14617: (1, 0), 14631: (2, 0), 14645: (1, 126), 14659: (0, 125), 14673: (1, 126), 14687: (2, 1), 14701: (1, 126), 14715: (0, 125), 14729: (0, 125), 14743: (1, 127), 14757: (1, 0), 14771: (1, 126), 14785: (2, 126), 14799: (1, 126), 14813: (1, 1), 14827: (2, 127), 14841: (1, 127), 14855: (0, 126), 14869: (0, 126), 14883: (2, 2), 14897: (1, 127), 14911: (0, 126), 14925: (0, 126), 14939: (1, 1), 14953: (2, 0), 14967: (1, 127), 14981: (1, 126), 14995: (1, 126), 15009: (1, 2), 15023: (2, 127), 15037: (2, 0), 15051: (1, 127), 15065: (0, 126), 15079: (0, 126), 15093: (1, 3), 15107: (1, 127), 15121: (0, 126), 15135: (1, 127), 15149: (1, 127), 15163: (1, 3), 15177: (1, 127), 15191: (1, 127), 15205: (1, 127), 15219: (1, 127), 15233: (2, 1), 15247: (1, 127), 15261: (0, 126), 15275: (1, 126), 15289: (2, 3), 15303: (1, 127), 15317: (0, 126), 15331: (1, 125), 15345: (1, 126), 15359: (2, 3), 15373: (1, 127), 15387: (1, 126), 15401: (0, 126), 15415: (1, 2), 15429: (1, 126), 15443: (1, 126), 15457: (0, 125), 15471: (0, 125), 15485: (2, 2), 15499: (1, 127), 15513: (1, 127), 15527: (1, 127), 15541: (1, 3), 15555: (1, 0), 15569: (1, 127), 15583: (1, 126), 15597: (1, 1), 15611: (1, 127), 15625: (2, 127), 15639: (2, 126), 15653: (1, 126), 15667: (1, 0), 15681: (2, 126), 15695: (2, 127), 15709: (2, 126), 15723: (1, 2), 15737: (1, 127), 15751: (2, 127), 15765: (2, 127), 15779: (1, 127), 15793: (2, 1), 15807: (1, 126), 15821: (1, 127), 15835: (1, 127), 15849: (1, 2), 15863: (2, 0), 15877: (2, 127), 15891: (3, 126), 15905: (3, 126), 15919: (2, 1), 15933: (3, 126), 15947: (4, 126), 15961: (4, 126), 15975: (3, 1), 15989: (2, 125), 16003: (2, 126), 16017: (2, 126), 16031: (2, 0), 16045: (2, 0), 16059: (1, 127), 16073: (1, 126), 16087: (2, 126), 16101: (2, 2), 16115: (2, 126), 16129: (2, 126), 16143: (2, 126), 16157: (1, 2), 16171: (1, 127), 16185: (1, 126), 16199: (2, 126), 16213: (2, 0), 16227: (2, 0), 16241: (1, 126), 16255: (1, 126), 16269: (1, 125), 16283: (2, 2), 16297: (2, 127), 16311: (1, 126), 16325: (1, 126), 16339: (2, 1), 16353: (3, 0), 16367: (2, 127), 16381: (2, 126), 16395: (2, 126), 16409: (2, 2), 16423: (3, 127), 16437: (3, 126), 16451: (2, 126), 16465: (2, 127), 16479: (3, 127), 16493: (3, 126), 16507: (2, 125), 16521: (1, 126), 16535: (3, 3), 16549: (2, 127), 16563: (2, 127), 16577: (1, 126), 16591: (2, 127), 16605: (3, 0), 16619: (3, 127), 16633: (3, 127), 16647: (3, 127), 16661: (2, 1), 16675: (2, 127), 16689: (3, 125), 16703: (3, 126), 16717: (2, 126), 16731: (2, 2), 16745: (2, 127), 16759: (2, 127), 16773: (2, 126), 16787: (2, 3), 16801: (2, 127), 16815: (2, 126), 16829: (2, 126), 16843: (2, 1), 16857: (1, 127), 16871: (1, 126), 16885: (2, 126), 16899: (2, 0), 16913: (1, 0), 16927: (1, 126), 16941: (2, 127), 16955: (2, 127), 16969: (2, 3), 16983: (1, 127), 16997: (1, 126), 17011: (1, 126), 17025: (2, 3), 17039: (2, 127), 17053: (1, 126), 17067: (0, 126), 17081: (1, 126), 17095: (2, 0), 17109: (1, 127), 17123: (1, 127), 17137: (2, 127), 17151: (2, 127), 17165: (1, 2), 17179: (1, 127), 17193: (2, 127), 17207: (2, 127), 17221: (2, 127), 17235: (3, 3), 17249: (3, 127), 17263: (2, 127), 17277: (2, 126), 17291: (4, 2), 17305: (3, 1), 17319: (2, 126), 17333: (3, 126), 17347: (2, 126), 17361: (2, 1), 17375: (2, 125), 17389: (2, 125), 17403: (2, 126), 17417: (2, 1), 17431: (2, 127), 17445: (2, 126), 17459: (2, 126), 17473: (2, 126), 17487: (2, 1), 17501: (2, 126), 17515: (1, 125), 17529: (1, 125), 17543: (2, 2), 17557: (3, 126), 17571: (2, 125), 17585: (1, 124), 17599: (1, 126), 17613: (1, 0), 17627: (2, 126), 17641: (2, 126), 17655: (1, 126), 17669: (1, 1), 17683: (2, 127), 17697: (2, 127), 17711: (2, 127), 17725: (1, 3), 17739: (1, 0), 17753: (2, 127), 17767: (1, 127), 17781: (1, 2), 17795: (2, 0), 17809: (2, 127), 17823: (1, 127), 17837: (2, 127), 17851: (1, 1), 17865: (1, 127), 17879: (1, 127), 17893: (2, 127), 17907: (1, 4), 17921: (0, 127), 17935: (1, 127), 17949: (2, 127), 17963: (1, 2), 17977: (0, 127), 17991: (2, 127), 18005: (2, 127), 18019: (1, 0), 18033: (1, 2), 18047: (2, 0), 18061: (2, 126), 18075: (2, 126), 18089: (3, 2), 18103: (3, 0), 18117: (2, 127), 18131: (2, 127), 18145: (2, 0), 18159: (3, 1), 18173: (2, 127), 18187: (1, 127), 18201: (1, 127), 18215: (2, 2), 18229: (2, 0), 18243: (2, 127), 18257: (1, 127), 18271: (1, 3), 18285: (2, 0), 18299: (2, 127), 18313: (2, 127), 18327: (1, 1), 18341: (2, 0), 18355: (2, 127), 18369: (1, 126), 18383: (1, 126), 18397: (2, 4), 18411: (2, 127), 18425: (2, 126), 18439: (1, 126), 18453: (0, 2), 18467: (0, 127), 18481: (1, 126), 18495: (2, 127), 18509: (2, 0), 18523: (1, 127), 18537: (1, 126), 18551: (2, 126), 18565: (2, 126), 18579: (2, 0), 18593: (2, 126), 18607: (2, 127), 18621: (2, 126), 18635: (2, 3), 18649: (2, 127), 18663: (2, 127), 18677: (2, 127), 18691: (2, 3), 18705: (2, 127), 18719: (1, 126), 18733: (1, 125), 18747: (2, 127), 18761: (2, 127), 18775: (1, 125), 18789: (1, 125), 18803: (2, 126), 18817: (1, 3), 18831: (1, 127), 18845: (1, 126), 18859: (1, 126), 18873: (1, 126), 18887: (2, 1), 18901: (2, 127), 18915: (0, 126), 18929: (0, 126), 18943: (1, 1), 18957: (1, 0), 18971: (0, 126), 18985: (0, 126), 18999: (1, 126), 19013: (1, 127), 19027: (1, 1), 19041: (1, 127), 19055: (1, 127), 19069: (1, 127), 19083: (2, 0), 19097: (3, 127), 19111: (2, 0), 19125: (1, 126), 19139: (2, 127), 19153: (2, 1), 19167: (2, 1), 19181: (1, 0), 19195: (1, 127), 19209: (1, 127), 19223: (1, 4), 19237: (1, 127), 19251: (2, 127), 19265: (1, 0), 19279: (1, 127), 19293: (2, 3), 19307: (2, 0), 19321: (1, 0), 19335: (1, 127), 19349: (1, 1), 19363: (1, 1), 19377: (0, 0), 19391: (1, 127), 19405: (2, 127), 19419: (2, 4), 19433: (2, 0), 19447: (1, 127), 19461: (1, 127), 19475: (2, 127), 19489: (3, 2), 19503: (3, 0), 19517: (2, 127), 19531: (2, 125), 19545: (2, 2), 19559: (3, 127), 19573: (2, 126), 19587: (1, 126), 19601: (2, 3), 19615: (2, 0), 19629: (1, 127), 19643: (1, 126), 19657: (1, 0), 19671: (2, 0), 19685: (1, 126), 19699: (1, 125), 19713: (0, 126), 19727: (0, 3), 19741: (1, 127), 19755: (1, 127), 19769: (1, 127), 19783: (0, 2), 19797: (0, 127), 19811: (1, 126), 19825: (1, 126), 19839: (2, 1), 19853: (2, 0), 19867: (1, 127), 19881: (0, 127), 19895: (1, 127), 19909: (2, 1), 19923: (1, 127), 19937: (1, 127), 19951: (1, 127), 19965: (1, 3), 19979: (1, 127), 19993: (1, 127), 20007: (1, 127), 20021: (1, 3), 20035: (1, 127), 20049: (0, 126), 20063: (1, 126), 20077: (1, 127), 20091: (2, 1), 20105: (1, 127), 20119: (0, 126), 20133: (0, 126), 20147: (1, 3), 20161: (1, 127), 20175: (1, 126), 20189: (0, 126), 20203: (1, 2), 20217: (0, 127), 20231: (0, 127), 20245: (0, 126), 20259: (1, 2), 20273: (1, 127), 20287: (2, 127), 20301: (2, 127), 20315: (1, 2), 20329: (1, 127), 20343: (1, 127), 20357: (2, 127), 20371: (1, 1), 20385: (0, 0), 20399: (1, 0), 20413: (2, 0), 20427: (1, 1), 20441: (0, 1), 20455: (1, 127), 20469: (1, 0), 20483: (2, 0), 20497: (2, 4), 20511: (1, 0), 20525: (1, 0), 20539: (0, 127), 20553: (1, 4), 20567: (1, 1), 20581: (0, 127), 20595: (1, 127), 20609: (1, 2), 20623: (1, 1), 20637: (0, 127), 20651: (0, 127), 20665: (1, 0), 20679: (2, 2), 20693: (1, 0), 20707: (0, 127), 20721: (0, 126), 20735: (0, 4), 20749: (2, 1), 20763: (1, 0), 20777: (1, 0), 20791: (0, 3), 20805: (1, 0), 20819: (1, 0), 20833: (1, 0), 20847: (1, 2), 20861: (1, 1), 20875: (0, 0), 20889: (0, 0), 20903: (0, 0), 20917: (1, 2), 20931: (1, 0), 20945: (0, 127), 20959: (1, 127), 20973: (0, 3), 20987: (255, 127), 21001: (0, 127), 21015: (1, 127), 21029: (1, 4), 21043: (0, 127), 21057: (0, 127), 21071: (0, 126), 21085: (1, 1), 21099: (1, 0), 21113: (0, 127), 21127: (0, 127), 21141: (255, 0), 21155: (0, 1), 21169: (0, 0), 21183: (0, 127), 21197: (0, 0), 21211: (0, 4), 21225: (0, 0), 21239: (0, 0), 21253: (0, 0), 21267: (1, 1), 21281: (2, 1), 21295: (1, 127), 21309: (2, 0), 21323: (2, 127), 21337: (2, 4), 21351: (2, 1), 21365: (2, 0), 21379: (1, 127), 21393: (0, 1), 21407: (1, 1), 21421: (2, 127), 21435: (1, 127), 21449: (1, 127), 21463: (1, 2), 21477: (1, 127), 21491: (1, 127), 21505: (1, 127), 21519: (1, 3), 21533: (2, 0), 21547: (1, 127), 21561: (1, 127), 21575: (0, 2), 21589: (0, 0), 21603: (0, 127), 21617: (1, 127), 21631: (1, 0), 21645: (1, 1), 21659: (1, 127), 21673: (2, 126), 21687: (2, 126), 21701: (2, 1), 21715: (2, 127), 21729: (1, 127), 21743: (2, 0), 21757: (2, 3), 21771: (2, 0), 21785: (1, 0), 21799: (1, 0), 21813: (2, 4), 21827: (2, 0), 21841: (2, 127), 21855: (2, 126), 21869: (2, 4), 21883: (2, 0), 21897: (1, 127), 21911: (1, 126), 21925: (1, 2), 21939: (1, 127), 21953: (2, 127), 21967: (2, 127), 21981: (2, 1), 21995: (2, 126), 22009: (2, 126), 22023: (3, 127), 22037: (2, 1), 22051: (2, 0), 22065: (2, 127), 22079: (2, 127), 22093: (1, 2), 22107: (1, 0), 22121: (2, 127), 22135: (1, 127), 22149: (1, 3), 22163: (1, 127), 22177: (1, 125), 22191: (1, 125), 22205: (1, 2), 22219: (1, 126), 22233: (1, 125), 22247: (0, 125), 22261: (2, 3), 22275: (2, 126), 22289: (1, 125), 22303: (0, 126), 22317: (1, 1), 22331: (1, 127), 22345: (0, 126), 22359: (0, 126), 22373: (1, 2), 22387: (0, 127), 22401: (1, 126), 22415: (2, 126), 22429: (1, 2), 22443: (0, 126), 22457: (1, 126), 22471: (1, 127), 22485: (2, 3), 22499: (1, 127), 22513: (1, 126), 22527: (1, 126), 22541: (1, 2), 22555: (2, 127), 22569: (3, 127), 22583: (2, 125), 22597: (1, 1), 22611: (2, 126), 22625: (3, 126), 22639: (1, 126), 22653: (0, 3), 22667: (1, 127), 22681: (2, 127), 22695: (2, 126), 22709: (1, 3), 22723: (1, 0), 22737: (2, 127), 22751: (1, 127), 22765: (2, 3), 22779: (2, 126), 22793: (1, 126), 22807: (1, 125), 22821: (2, 2), 22835: (1, 125), 22849: (0, 125), 22863: (1, 126), 22877: (2, 3), 22891: (1, 127), 22905: (0, 126), 22919: (0, 126), 22933: (1, 3), 22947: (2, 0), 22961: (2, 127), 22975: (1, 126), 22989: (1, 2), 23003: (1, 0), 23017: (1, 0), 23031: (2, 0), 23045: (1, 0), 23059: (1, 2), 23073: (1, 0), 23087: (1, 127), 23101: (1, 127), 23115: (1, 2), 23129: (2, 127), 23143: (2, 127), 23157: (1, 126), 23171: (0, 3), 23185: (1, 127), 23199: (2, 127), 23213: (2, 127), 23227: (1, 127), 23241: (1, 1), 23255: (0, 0), 23269: (1, 127), 23283: (1, 127), 23297: (1, 4), 23311: (0, 127), 23325: (0, 127), 23339: (0, 127), 23353: (1, 3), 23367: (1, 127), 23381: (1, 127), 23395: (1, 127), 23409: (1, 2), 23423: (1, 126), 23437: (1, 124), 23451: (1, 125), 23465: (1, 1), 23479: (2, 127), 23493: (1, 126), 23507: (0, 125), 23521: (1, 1), 23535: (2, 127), 23549: (1, 126), 23563: (1, 126), 23577: (0, 0), 23591: (1, 127), 23605: (0, 126), 23619: (1, 126), 23633: (2, 127), 23647: (1, 1), 23661: (1, 127), 23675: (1, 127), 23689: (1, 126), 23703: (1, 3), 23717: (1, 127), 23731: (1, 127), 23745: (1, 127), 23759: (1, 3), 23773: (1, 127), 23787: (1, 127), 23801: (1, 127), 23815: (0, 3), 23829: (1, 0), 23843: (2, 0), 23857: (1, 126), 23871: (2, 2), 23885: (3, 0), 23899: (2, 127), 23913: (1, 126), 23927: (1, 1), 23941: (2, 0), 23955: (2, 127), 23969: (1, 126), 23983: (1, 126), 23997: (1, 3), 24011: (1, 0), 24025: (1, 127), 24039: (1, 0), 24053: (1, 2), 24067: (1, 0), 24081: (1, 127), 24095: (1, 127), 24109: (0, 3), 24123: (1, 127), 24137: (2, 127), 24151: (1, 127), 24165: (0, 2), 24179: (0, 127), 24193: (1, 127), 24207: (2, 127), 24221: (2, 4), 24235: (1, 126), 24249: (1, 125), 24263: (1, 125), 24277: (2, 2), 24291: (2, 0), 24305: (2, 127), 24319: (2, 126), 24333: (2, 0), 24347: (2, 0), 24361: (1, 126), 24375: (2, 126), 24389: (2, 127), 24403: (2, 1), 24417: (1, 127), 24431: (1, 126), 24445: (1, 126), 24459: (1, 2), 24473: (1, 127), 24487: (2, 127), 24501: (0, 126), 24515: (0, 3), 24529: (0, 126), 24543: (2, 125), 24557: (2, 126), 24571: (1, 3), 24585: (0, 126), 24599: (0, 126), 24613: (1, 126), 24627: (1, 2), 24641: (1, 0), 24655: (1, 127), 24669: (0, 127), 24683: (1, 2), 24697: (1, 1), 24711: (0, 127), 24725: (0, 127), 24739: (1, 2), 24753: (2, 1), 24767: (0, 126), 24781: (0, 126), 24795: (1, 0), 24809: (2, 1), 24823: (0, 127), 24837: (0, 127), 24851: (0, 126), 24865: (0, 3), 24879: (0, 0), 24893: (1, 127), 24907: (1, 127), 24921: (0, 3), 24935: (0, 127), 24949: (0, 127), 24963: (0, 127), 24977: (0, 2), 24991: (1, 127), 25005: (2, 0), 25019: (1, 127), 25033: (0, 0), 25047: (0, 1), 25061: (1, 0), 25075: (1, 127), 25089: (1, 127), 25103: (0, 2), 25117: (0, 127), 25131: (0, 127), 25145: (1, 1), 25159: (1, 4), 25173: (0, 0), 25187: (0, 0), 25201: (0, 127), 25215: (0, 4), 25229: (1, 0), 25243: (1, 0), 25257: (0, 127), 25271: (255, 2), 25285: (0, 0), 25299: (1, 127), 25313: (0, 126), 25327: (0, 126), 25341: (2, 2), 25355: (1, 127), 25369: (0, 127), 25383: (0, 127), 25397: (1, 4), 25411: (1, 1), 25425: (1, 0), 25439: (0, 0), 25453: (1, 3), 25467: (0, 1), 25481: (0, 0), 25495: (0, 0), 25509: (0, 127), 25523: (0, 3), 25537: (0, 0), 25551: (1, 0), 25565: (0, 127), 25579: (255, 2), 25593: (0, 127), 25607: (1, 127), 25621: (0, 127), 25635: (0, 1), 25649: (1, 0), 25663: (0, 127), 25677: (0, 127), 25691: (1, 127), 25705: (1, 3), 25719: (1, 126), 25733: (0, 125), 25747: (1, 126), 25761: (1, 0), 25775: (0, 127), 25789: (0, 126), 25803: (1, 126), 25817: (1, 126), 25831: (0, 1), 25845: (0, 127), 25859: (1, 127), 25873: (0, 126), 25887: (1, 3), 25901: (0, 127), 25915: (0, 125), 25929: (0, 125), 25943: (0, 127), 25957: (1, 0), 25971: (1, 126), 25985: (0, 125), 25999: (0, 125), 26013: (1, 2), 26027: (0, 125), 26041: (0, 125), 26055: (1, 126), 26069: (0, 3), 26083: (0, 127), 26097: (1, 127), 26111: (0, 127), 26125: (0, 2), 26139: (1, 0), 26153: (2, 0), 26167: (1, 0), 26181: (0, 0), 26195: (0, 3), 26209: (1, 0), 26223: (1, 0), 26237: (0, 127), 26251: (1, 3), 26265: (1, 0), 26279: (0, 127), 26293: (0, 127), 26307: (1, 3), 26321: (1, 1), 26335: (1, 0), 26349: (0, 127), 26363: (1, 0), 26377: (1, 0), 26391: (0, 126), 26405: (1, 126), 26419: (1, 126), 26433: (0, 2), 26447: (0, 125), 26461: (0, 125), 26475: (0, 126), 26489: (0, 3), 26503: (1, 127), 26517: (0, 126), 26531: (255, 126), 26545: (0, 1), 26559: (0, 0), 26573: (1, 127), 26587: (0, 127), 26601: (0, 127), 26615: (0, 3), 26629: (0, 127), 26643: (0, 126), 26657: (0, 126), 26671: (1, 127), 26685: (1, 127), 26699: (1, 2), 26713: (1, 127), 26727: (2, 127), 26741: (2, 0), 26755: (2, 0), 26769: (2, 3), 26783: (1, 0), 26797: (0, 126), 26811: (1, 127), 26825: (2, 1), 26839: (1, 127), 26853: (0, 127), 26867: (0, 125), 26881: (0, 126), 26895: (1, 2), 26909: (1, 126), 26923: (1, 126), 26937: (0, 126), 26951: (0, 127), 26965: (1, 2), 26979: (0, 127), 26993: (0, 126), 27007: (1, 127), 27021: (1, 4), 27035: (0, 127), 27049: (0, 127), 27063: (0, 127), 27077: (1, 3), 27091: (0, 0), 27105: (0, 127), 27119: (1, 127), 27133: (0, 0), 27147: (0, 1), 27161: (0, 127), 27175: (0, 127), 27189: (255, 127), 27203: (0, 1), 27217: (0, 127), 27231: (0, 127), 27245: (255, 126), 27259: (0, 3), 27273: (0, 127), 27287: (0, 127), 27301: (255, 127), 27315: (0, 3), 27329: (1, 127), 27343: (0, 127), 27357: (0, 127), 27371: (0, 2), 27385: (0, 1), 27399: (0, 0), 27413: (1, 0), 27427: (1, 1), 27441: (0, 2), 27455: (255, 0), 27469: (0, 0), 27483: (1, 0), 27497: (0, 0), 27511: (0, 2), 27525: (1, 1), 27539: (0, 0), 27553: (0, 0), 27567: (0, 3), 27581: (1, 0), 27595: (0, 0), 27609: (1, 0), 27623: (1, 127), 27637: (0, 2), 27651: (0, 127), 27665: (1, 126), 27679: (1, 127), 27693: (1, 3), 27707: (1, 2), 27721: (1, 127), 27735: (2, 0), 27749: (3, 1), 27763: (2, 4), 27777: (1, 1), 27791: (1, 0), 27805: (1, 0), 27819: (2, 5), 27833: (1, 0), 27847: (1, 0), 27861: (1, 0), 27875: (1, 4), 27889: (0, 0), 27903: (0, 127), 27917: (0, 127), 27931: (1, 3), 27945: (1, 1), 27959: (0, 0), 27973: (0, 127), 27987: (0, 2), 28001: (0, 0), 28015: (1, 0), 28029: (1, 127), 28043: (0, 126), 28057: (0, 2), 28071: (0, 127), 28085: (1, 0), 28099: (1, 127), 28113: (1, 0), 28127: (1, 1), 28141: (0, 127), 28155: (0, 127), 28169: (1, 0), 28183: (1, 3), 28197: (1, 127), 28211: (0, 126), 28225: (0, 126), 28239: (0, 1), 28253: (1, 127), 28267: (1, 126), 28281: (1, 125), 28295: (1, 127), 28309: (0, 0), 28323: (0, 126), 28337: (1, 127), 28351: (1, 127), 28365: (1, 1), 28379: (1, 127), 28393: (0, 126), 28407: (0, 126), 28421: (0, 2), 28435: (1, 126), 28449: (0, 126), 28463: (0, 126), 28477: (1, 2), 28491: (0, 126), 28505: (0, 126), 28519: (0, 126), 28533: (1, 3), 28547: (1, 127), 28561: (0, 126), 28575: (255, 126), 28589: (0, 2), 28603: (1, 0), 28617: (1, 127), 28631: (0, 127), 28645: (0, 2), 28659: (255, 127), 28673: (0, 127), 28687: (1, 127), 28701: (1, 2), 28715: (0, 0), 28729: (0, 127), 28743: (0, 127), 28757: (0, 127), 28771: (0, 2), 28785: (0, 127), 28799: (0, 127), 28813: (0, 127), 28827: (0, 3), 28841: (0, 127), 28855: (255, 127), 28869: (0, 127), 28883: (1, 1), 28897: (0, 0), 28911: (255, 127), 28925: (255, 127), 28939: (0, 127), 28953: (0, 2), 28967: (255, 127), 28981: (0, 127), 28995: (0, 127), 29009: (255, 127), 29023: (0, 0), 29037: (0, 1), 29051: (0, 127), 29065: (0, 0), 29079: (0, 0), 29093: (0, 0), 29107: (0, 4), 29121: (0, 1), 29135: (0, 0), 29149: (0, 0), 29163: (255, 127), 29177: (0, 2), 29191: (0, 1), 29205: (0, 0), 29219: (0, 0), 29233: (0, 0), 29247: (0, 1), 29261: (0, 1), 29275: (0, 0), 29289: (1, 0), 29303: (0, 127), 29317: (255, 1), 29331: (0, 0), 29345: (2, 127), 29359: (0, 127), 29373: (255, 127), 29387: (0, 3), 29401: (1, 1), 29415: (0, 0), 29429: (0, 127), 29443: (1, 1), 29457: (0, 1), 29471: (0, 0), 29485: (1, 0), 29499: (0, 127), 29513: (0, 4), 29527: (0, 0), 29541: (1, 0), 29555: (1, 0), 29569: (0, 1), 29583: (0, 1), 29597: (1, 0), 29611: (1, 127), 29625: (0, 0), 29639: (0, 4), 29653: (0, 0), 29667: (0, 127), 29681: (1, 127), 29695: (2, 2), 29709: (2, 0), 29723: (1, 127), 29737: (1, 127), 29751: (2, 1), 29765: (2, 1), 29779: (2, 127), 29793: (2, 127), 29807: (2, 0), 29821: (1, 1), 29835: (1, 0), 29849: (1, 127), 29863: (1, 0), 29877: (1, 2), 29891: (1, 0), 29905: (1, 0), 29919: (0, 0), 29933: (1, 1), 29947: (2, 0), 29961: (2, 127), 29975: (1, 127), 29989: (1, 0), 30003: (1, 126), 30017: (1, 126), 30031: (2, 1), 30045: (2, 127), 30059: (1, 126), 30073: (0, 126), 30087: (0, 1), 30101: (1, 0), 30115: (1, 127), 30129: (0, 126), 30143: (0, 2), 30157: (1, 0), 30171: (0, 126), 30185: (0, 126), 30199: (1, 3), 30213: (1, 127), 30227: (0, 126), 30241: (255, 126), 30255: (0, 3), 30269: (1, 127), 30283: (1, 0), 30297: (1, 0), 30311: (1, 3), 30325: (0, 0), 30339: (0, 127), 30353: (1, 127), 30367: (1, 3), 30381: (1, 0), 30395: (1, 127), 30409: (0, 127), 30423: (0, 3), 30437: (1, 1), 30451: (1, 0), 30465: (1, 0), 30479: (1, 3), 30493: (1, 0), 30507: (1, 127), 30521: (0, 126), 30535: (1, 127), 30549: (2, 1), 30563: (1, 127), 30577: (0, 127), 30591: (0, 127), 30605: (1, 2), 30619: (0, 0), 30633: (0, 127), 30647: (1, 127), 30661: (1, 3), 30675: (0, 127), 30689: (0, 127), 30703: (1, 127), 30717: (0, 127), 30731: (0, 1), 30745: (0, 127), 30759: (1, 127), 30773: (0, 127), 30787: (0, 2), 30801: (1, 0), 30815: (1, 127), 30829: (0, 127), 30843: (0, 127), 30857: (0, 3), 30871: (1, 0), 30885: (1, 0), 30899: (1, 1), 30913: (1, 3), 30927: (0, 1), 30941: (0, 1), 30955: (1, 0), 30969: (1, 4), 30983: (0, 0), 30997: (255, 127), 31011: (0, 0), 31025: (1, 127), 31039: (0, 2), 31053: (0, 0), 31067: (0, 127), 31081: (0, 127), 31095: (0, 3), 31109: (0, 127), 31123: (0, 127), 31137: (1, 0), 31151: (1, 4), 31165: (0, 0), 31179: (0, 127), 31193: (0, 127), 31207: (1, 3), 31221: (1, 0), 31235: (1, 0), 31249: (0, 127), 31263: (0, 1), 31277: (0, 1), 31291: (1, 0), 31305: (1, 0), 31319: (0, 0), 31333: (0, 3), 31347: (0, 0), 31361: (0, 127), 31375: (1, 127), 31389: (2, 3), 31403: (1, 0), 31417: (0, 127), 31431: (0, 127), 31445: (0, 2), 31459: (1, 127), 31473: (1, 127), 31487: (0, 127), 31501: (1, 4), 31515: (0, 127), 31529: (255, 127), 31543: (255, 127), 31557: (1, 4), 31571: (1, 127), 31585: (0, 127), 31599: (255, 126), 31613: (0, 3), 31627: (0, 0), 31641: (1, 127), 31655: (0, 127), 31669: (0, 3), 31683: (0, 0), 31697: (0, 127), 31711: (1, 0), 31725: (1, 3), 31739: (1, 1), 31753: (0, 0), 31767: (0, 0), 31781: (0, 2), 31795: (0, 1), 31809: (1, 0), 31823: (1, 0), 31837: (0, 0), 31851: (255, 3), 31865: (0, 0), 31879: (1, 0), 31893: (0, 0), 31907: (0, 4), 31921: (1, 1), 31935: (0, 0), 31949: (255, 0), 31963: (0, 4), 31977: (1, 1), 31991: (0, 0), 32005: (0, 0), 32019: (0, 2), 32033: (1, 2), 32047: (0, 127), 32061: (0, 127), 32075: (1, 0), 32089: (1, 3), 32103: (0, 0), 32117: (0, 0), 32131: (0, 0), 32145: (1, 4), 32159: (1, 1), 32173: (1, 0), 32187: (0, 0), 32201: (0, 3), 32215: (0, 1), 32229: (0, 0), 32243: (0, 127), 32257: (255, 127), 32271: (0, 1), 32285: (0, 127), 32299: (0, 127), 32313: (0, 127), 32327: (1, 3), 32341: (1, 0), 32355: (0, 0), 32369: (0, 127), 32383: (0, 3), 32397: (0, 0), 32411: (0, 127), 32425: (0, 0), 32439: (0, 2), 32453: (0, 1), 32467: (0, 127), 32481: (0, 127), 32495: (0, 0), 32509: (0, 3), 32523: (0, 0), 32537: (0, 0), 32551: (0, 0), 32565: (1, 2), 32579: (1, 1), 32593: (0, 127), 32607: (255, 0), 32621: (1, 0), 32635: (1, 5), 32649: (0, 1), 32663: (255, 0), 32677: (1, 0), 32691: (0, 1), 32705: (0, 2), 32719: (0, 1), 32733: (1, 0), 32747: (0, 0), 32761: (255, 3), 32775: (0, 1), 32789: (0, 0), 32803: (0, 0), 32817: (0, 0), 32831: (1, 3), 32845: (0, 1), 32859: (0, 0), 32873: (0, 0), 32887: (2, 6), 32901: (1, 1), 32915: (0, 0), 32929: (2, 0), 32943: (3, 3), 32957: (2, 1), 32971: (1, 0), 32985: (2, 0), 32999: (1, 1), 33013: (1, 0), 33027: (1, 0), 33041: (2, 0), 33055: (2, 0), 33069: (1, 2), 33083: (1, 0), 33097: (1, 127), 33111: (0, 127), 33125: (0, 2), 33139: (1, 127), 33153: (1, 0), 33167: (0, 127), 33181: (0, 4), 33195: (0, 0), 33209: (0, 127), 33223: (0, 0), 33237: (1, 3), 33251: (1, 127), 33265: (0, 127), 33279: (0, 126), 33293: (0, 3), 33307: (1, 127), 33321: (0, 127), 33335: (0, 126), 33349: (0, 3), 33363: (1, 0), 33377: (0, 127), 33391: (0, 127), 33405: (1, 3), 33419: (0, 127), 33433: (0, 127), 33447: (0, 127), 33461: (0, 3), 33475: (1, 0), 33489: (2, 126), 33503: (2, 127), 33517: (1, 0), 33531: (1, 1), 33545: (1, 1), 33559: (1, 0), 33573: (1, 0), 33587: (1, 2), 33601: (1, 0), 33615: (1, 0), 33629: (1, 0), 33643: (2, 1), 33657: (2, 127), 33671: (1, 127), 33685: (1, 0), 33699: (1, 2), 33713: (0, 127), 33727: (0, 127), 33741: (1, 127), 33755: (2, 2), 33769: (2, 127), 33783: (1, 126), 33797: (2, 126), 33811: (3, 3), 33825: (2, 127), 33839: (2, 127), 33853: (1, 127), 33867: (1, 3), 33881: (0, 127), 33895: (1, 127), 33909: (1, 127), 33923: (1, 3), 33937: (0, 127), 33951: (1, 126), 33965: (1, 126), 33979: (0, 2), 33993: (0, 127), 34007: (1, 127), 34021: (0, 127), 34035: (0, 4), 34049: (0, 0), 34063: (0, 127), 34077: (0, 127), 34091: (1, 4), 34105: (1, 0), 34119: (1, 127), 34133: (0, 126), 34147: (1, 3), 34161: (2, 127), 34175: (1, 127), 34189: (0, 127), 34203: (0, 2), 34217: (1, 1), 34231: (0, 0), 34245: (0, 127), 34259: (1, 0), 34273: (1, 0), 34287: (1, 127), 34301: (1, 126), 34315: (1, 126), 34329: (1, 2), 34343: (1, 126), 34357: (2, 125), 34371: (2, 123), 34385: (1, 127), 34399: (0, 124), 34413: (1, 125), 34427: (1, 125), 34441: (1, 2), 34455: (0, 127), 34469: (0, 126), 34483: (1, 126), 34497: (1, 3), 34511: (1, 127), 34525: (1, 127), 34539: (1, 0), 34553: (0, 2), 34567: (1, 1), 34581: (0, 0), 34595: (0, 127), 34609: (1, 1), 34623: (1, 2), 34637: (0, 0), 34651: (0, 0), 34665: (0, 0), 34679: (2, 3), 34693: (1, 0), 34707: (0, 0), 34721: (0, 127), 34735: (0, 2), 34749: (1, 0), 34763: (1, 127), 34777: (1, 127), 34791: (0, 2), 34805: (0, 127), 34819: (1, 127), 34833: (1, 127), 34847: (1, 3), 34861: (1, 127), 34875: (1, 127), 34889: (0, 127), 34903: (0, 3), 34917: (0, 127), 34931: (1, 126), 34945: (1, 127), 34959: (1, 2), 34973: (255, 127), 34987: (255, 126), 35001: (0, 127), 35015: (1, 2), 35029: (1, 0), 35043: (0, 127), 35057: (255, 127), 35071: (0, 2), 35085: (0, 0), 35099: (0, 127), 35113: (0, 127), 35127: (0, 3), 35141: (255, 127), 35155: (255, 127), 35169: (0, 127), 35183: (0, 3), 35197: (0, 127), 35211: (0, 0), 35225: (1, 0), 35239: (0, 4), 35253: (0, 127), 35267: (0, 127), 35281: (1, 0), 35295: (1, 4), 35309: (0, 0), 35323: (0, 127), 35337: (0, 127), 35351: (1, 5), 35365: (2, 0), 35379: (1, 127), 35393: (0, 126), 35407: (0, 2), 35421: (2, 0), 35435: (2, 0), 35449: (1, 0), 35463: (0, 2), 35477: (0, 1), 35491: (0, 0), 35505: (0, 0), 35519: (0, 3), 35533: (1, 1), 35547: (1, 1), 35561: (0, 0), 35575: (0, 2), 35589: (0, 2), 35603: (0, 0), 35617: (1, 0), 35631: (1, 0), 35645: (0, 3), 35659: (0, 1), 35673: (0, 0), 35687: (1, 0), 35701: (1, 4), 35715: (0, 0), 35729: (0, 127), 35743: (0, 127), 35757: (0, 4), 35771: (1, 0), 35785: (1, 127), 35799: (0, 127), 35813: (0, 4), 35827: (0, 0), 35841: (0, 127), 35855: (0, 127), 35869: (0, 4), 35883: (1, 1), 35897: (0, 1), 35911: (255, 0), 35925: (0, 3), 35939: (0, 0), 35953: (0, 0), 35967: (0, 127), 35981: (255, 127), 35995: (255, 2), 36009: (0, 0), 36023: (0, 0), 36037: (0, 127), 36051: (255, 3), 36065: (255, 127), 36079: (0, 0), 36093: (0, 127), 36107: (0, 0), 36121: (0, 2), 36135: (0, 0), 36149: (0, 1), 36163: (0, 0), 36177: (0, 4), 36191: (0, 1), 36205: (0, 0), 36219: (0, 127), 36233: (1, 2), 36247: (1, 127), 36261: (0, 125), 36275: (1, 125), 36289: (1, 126), 36303: (1, 3), 36317: (0, 127), 36331: (1, 127), 36345: (2, 127), 36359: (0, 2), 36373: (0, 0), 36387: (0, 127), 36401: (1, 127), 36415: (1, 127), 36429: (1, 2), 36443: (0, 127), 36457: (0, 126), 36471: (0, 125), 36485: (1, 1), 36499: (1, 0), 36513: (1, 127), 36527: (0, 0), 36541: (1, 1), 36555: (1, 2), 36569: (255, 0), 36583: (255, 127), 36597: (0, 127), 36611: (1, 4), 36625: (255, 127), 36639: (255, 127), 36653: (0, 127), 36667: (0, 2), 36681: (0, 0), 36695: (1, 0), 36709: (0, 0), 36723: (0, 127), 36737: (0, 3), 36751: (1, 0), 36765: (1, 0), 36779: (0, 127), 36793: (0, 3), 36807: (1, 1), 36821: (1, 0), 36835: (0, 127), 36849: (0, 1), 36863: (1, 2), 36877: (1, 0), 36891: (0, 126), 36905: (0, 126), 36919: (0, 1), 36933: (0, 127), 36947: (0, 126), 36961: (1, 127), 36975: (0, 1), 36989: (0, 127), 37003: (1, 126), 37017: (2, 126), 37031: (1, 127), 37045: (1, 2), 37059: (1, 127), 37073: (1, 127), 37087: (0, 126), 37101: (0, 3), 37115: (1, 127), 37129: (0, 127), 37143: (0, 127), 37157: (0, 1), 37171: (1, 1), 37185: (1, 0), 37199: (1, 0), 37213: (1, 1), 37227: (1, 1), 37241: (0, 126), 37255: (0, 125), 37269: (0, 126), 37283: (0, 1), 37297: (1, 127), 37311: (0, 126), 37325: (255, 126), 37339: (255, 3), 37353: (0, 127), 37367: (0, 127), 37381: (0, 126), 37395: (255, 3), 37409: (255, 127), 37423: (0, 127), 37437: (0, 0), 37451: (0, 3), 37465: (1, 0), 37479: (0, 127), 37493: (255, 126), 37507: (255, 4), 37521: (0, 0), 37535: (0, 0), 37549: (0, 0), 37563: (1, 4), 37577: (0, 1), 37591: (255, 127), 37605: (255, 0), 37619: (1, 4), 37633: (1, 2), 37647: (0, 1), 37661: (0, 0), 37675: (0, 3), 37689: (1, 1), 37703: (0, 0), 37717: (0, 0), 37731: (0, 2), 37745: (0, 2), 37759: (0, 0), 37773: (1, 0), 37787: (0, 0), 37801: (0, 2), 37815: (0, 1), 37829: (1, 0), 37843: (255, 0), 37857: (255, 3), 37871: (1, 1), 37885: (1, 127), 37899: (1, 0), 37913: (1, 3), 37927: (0, 127), 37941: (1, 0), 37955: (1, 127), 37969: (1, 127), 37983: (1, 2), 37997: (0, 0), 38011: (0, 127), 38025: (0, 0), 38039: (0, 127), 38053: (0, 2), 38067: (1, 127), 38081: (1, 126), 38095: (1, 125), 38109: (0, 124), 38123: (0, 126), 38137: (2, 124), 38151: (2, 123), 38165: (1, 122), 38179: (1, 0), 38193: (0, 126), 38207: (0, 126), 38221: (1, 126), 38235: (1, 2), 38249: (0, 127), 38263: (0, 126), 38277: (0, 126), 38291: (1, 2), 38305: (0, 127), 38319: (0, 127), 38333: (0, 126), 38347: (0, 127), 38361: (0, 127), 38375: (1, 125), 38389: (1, 124), 38403: (1, 123), 38417: (1, 127), 38431: (1, 125), 38445: (0, 125), 38459: (0, 125), 38473: (1, 1), 38487: (2, 126), 38501: (1, 126), 38515: (0, 126), 38529: (0, 0), 38543: (1, 0), 38557: (1, 0), 38571: (1, 127), 38585: (1, 127), 38599: (0, 3), 38613: (0, 127), 38627: (0, 127), 38641: (1, 127), 38655: (0, 3), 38669: (0, 0), 38683: (1, 0), 38697: (1, 0), 38711: (0, 3), 38725: (1, 0), 38739: (2, 127), 38753: (2, 125), 38767: (1, 125), 38781: (2, 124), 38795: (2, 123), 38809: (2, 123), 38823: (2, 124), 38837: (2, 1), 38851: (1, 126), 38865: (0, 126), 38879: (0, 126), 38893: (2, 3), 38907: (1, 127), 38921: (0, 126), 38935: (0, 126), 38949: (1, 2), 38963: (1, 127), 38977: (0, 126), 38991: (0, 126), 39005: (0, 0), 39019: (0, 0), 39033: (0, 127), 39047: (0, 127), 39061: (0, 127), 39075: (0, 2), 39089: (0, 0), 39103: (0, 0), 39117: (255, 127), 39131: (0, 3), 39145: (1, 0), 39159: (1, 0), 39173: (0, 127), 39187: (0, 2), 39201: (0, 0), 39215: (0, 0), 39229: (0, 0), 39243: (1, 2), 39257: (1, 1), 39271: (0, 127), 39285: (255, 127), 39299: (0, 1), 39313: (0, 1), 39327: (0, 0), 39341: (0, 127), 39355: (0, 0), 39369: (0, 3), 39383: (0, 0), 39397: (0, 0), 39411: (1, 0), 39425: (1, 4), 39439: (0, 0), 39453: (0, 127), 39467: (0, 0), 39481: (0, 4), 39495: (1, 0), 39509: (0, 0), 39523: (255, 127), 39537: (255, 3), 39551: (0, 127), 39565: (1, 127), 39579: (0, 0), 39593: (255, 3), 39607: (0, 2), 39621: (0, 1), 39635: (0, 0), 39649: (0, 2), 39663: (0, 1), 39677: (0, 0), 39691: (0, 0), 39705: (0, 0), 39719: (0, 3), 39733: (255, 1), 39747: (0, 0), 39761: (1, 0), 39775: (0, 4), 39789: (255, 0), 39803: (0, 1), 39817: (1, 0), 39831: (0, 4), 39845: (0, 0), 39859: (0, 127), 39873: (255, 127), 39887: (0, 4), 39901: (1, 0), 39915: (1, 0), 39929: (0, 126), 39943: (0, 4), 39957: (1, 0), 39971: (1, 0), 39985: (255, 127), 39999: (255, 3), 40013: (1, 1), 40027: (0, 0), 40041: (255, 127), 40055: (255, 2), 40069: (0, 1), 40083: (0, 0), 40097: (255, 0), 40111: (255, 127), 40125: (0, 2), 40139: (0, 1), 40153: (0, 0), 40167: (0, 0), 40181: (255, 127), 40195: (255, 2), 40209: (0, 1), 40223: (1, 1), 40237: (0, 0), 40251: (255, 0), 40265: (0, 3), 40279: (0, 1), 40293: (0, 1), 40307: (0, 1), 40321: (0, 0), 40335: (255, 4), 40349: (0, 1), 40363: (0, 0), 40377: (1, 0), 40391: (0, 0), 40405: (0, 4), 40419: (1, 0), 40433: (1, 0), 40447: (255, 127), 40461: (255, 127), 40475: (0, 4), 40489: (1, 0), 40503: (0, 127), 40517: (0, 127), 40531: (255, 126), 40545: (0, 2), 40559: (1, 126), 40573: (0, 126), 40587: (0, 126), 40601: (0, 0), 40615: (0, 127), 40629: (1, 126), 40643: (0, 126), 40657: (1, 126), 40671: (1, 2), 40685: (1, 0), 40699: (0, 126), 40713: (0, 126), 40727: (0, 127), 40741: (1, 1), 40755: (0, 126), 40769: (0, 126), 40783: (255, 125), 40797: (0, 2), 40811: (0, 126), 40825: (1, 124), 40839: (0, 125), 40853: (0, 127), 40867: (0, 0), 40881: (0, 127), 40895: (0, 125), 40909: (1, 126), 40923: (1, 2), 40937: (1, 126), 40951: (1, 127), 40965: (0, 126), 40979: (0, 0), 40993: (0, 0), 41007: (0, 127), 41021: (0, 127), 41035: (255, 126), 41049: (255, 3), 41063: (255, 127), 41077: (0, 127), 41091: (0, 127), 41105: (1, 3), 41119: (0, 127), 41133: (0, 0), 41147: (0, 0), 41161: (0, 0), 41175: (0, 2), 41189: (0, 0), 41203: (0, 0), 41217: (0, 0), 41231: (1, 5), 41245: (1, 1), 41259: (0, 127), 41273: (0, 127), 41287: (1, 127), 41301: (0, 2), 41315: (255, 127), 41329: (255, 127), 41343: (1, 0), 41357: (0, 4), 41371: (0, 0), 41385: (255, 127), 41399: (0, 127), 41413: (0, 4), 41427: (0, 1), 41441: (0, 0), 41455: (0, 0), 41469: (254, 0), 41483: (255, 2), 41497: (0, 0), 41511: (0, 0), 41525: (255, 0), 41539: (0, 4), 41553: (0, 0), 41567: (255, 0), 41581: (255, 127), 41595: (0, 3), 41609: (0, 0), 41623: (0, 0), 41637: (255, 127), 41651: (0, 0), 41665: (0, 1), 41679: (0, 0), 41693: (1, 127), 41707: (1, 127), 41721: (0, 3), 41735: (255, 127), 41749: (0, 126), 41763: (1, 126), 41777: (0, 127), 41791: (0, 0), 41805: (0, 127), 41819: (0, 126), 41833: (255, 126), 41847: (0, 3), 41861: (0, 0), 41875: (0, 0), 41889: (0, 127), 41903: (0, 1), 41917: (0, 1), 41931: (0, 127), 41945: (0, 0), 41959: (0, 127), 41973: (255, 3), 41987: (255, 0), 42001: (255, 127), 42015: (0, 0), 42029: (0, 0), 42043: (0, 2), 42057: (255, 127), 42071: (255, 127), 42085: (255, 127), 42099: (0, 3), 42113: (0, 1), 42127: (255, 0), 42141: (255, 127), 42155: (255, 1), 42169: (0, 1), 42183: (0, 0), 42197: (0, 127), 42211: (0, 0), 42225: (0, 5), 42239: (255, 1), 42253: (255, 0), 42267: (0, 127), 42281: (0, 1), 42295: (0, 4), 42309: (0, 0), 42323: (255, 0), 42337: (255, 0), 42351: (0, 2), 42365: (1, 2), 42379: (255, 0), 42393: (255, 127), 42407: (0, 127), 42421: (1, 2), 42435: (0, 0), 42449: (0, 0), 42463: (0, 0), 42477: (0, 0), 42491: (255, 3), 42505: (255, 1), 42519: (0, 0), 42533: (0, 0), 42547: (0, 5), 42561: (255, 1), 42575: (255, 0), 42589: (255, 0), 42603: (0, 3), 42617: (1, 3), 42631: (0, 1), 42645: (255, 0), 42659: (0, 1), 42673: (1, 4), 42687: (2, 127), 42701: (2, 127), 42715: (1, 127), 42729: (1, 1), 42743: (0, 0), 42757: (0, 127), 42771: (1, 0), 42785: (1, 127), 42799: (1, 3), 42813: (1, 0), 42827: (0, 127), 42841: (0, 0), 42855: (0, 1), 42869: (1, 0), 42883: (1, 0), 42897: (0, 127), 42911: (0, 126), 42925: (0, 2), 42939: (0, 127), 42953: (1, 126), 42967: (1, 125), 42981: (1, 0), 42995: (0, 125), 43009: (0, 125), 43023: (1, 125), 43037: (2, 125), 43051: (1, 2), 43065: (1, 127), 43079: (0, 0), 43093: (0, 127), 43107: (0, 2), 43121: (1, 0), 43135: (0, 127), 43149: (0, 127), 43163: (0, 2), 43177: (0, 0), 43191: (255, 127), 43205: (255, 127), 43219: (1, 1), 43233: (1, 1), 43247: (0, 127), 43261: (0, 126), 43275: (0, 127), 43289: (1, 1), 43303: (0, 0), 43317: (0, 127), 43331: (0, 0), 43345: (0, 1), 43359: (0, 127), 43373: (1, 127), 43387: (0, 127), 43401: (0, 2), 43415: (0, 127), 43429: (1, 127), 43443: (0, 127), 43457: (0, 2), 43471: (0, 0), 43485: (0, 127), 43499: (0, 0), 43513: (0, 4), 43527: (1, 0), 43541: (1, 0), 43555: (1, 127), 43569: (0, 3), 43583: (0, 0), 43597: (0, 127), 43611: (0, 127), 43625: (0, 3), 43639: (1, 1), 43653: (255, 127), 43667: (255, 127), 43681: (0, 1), 43695: (1, 2), 43709: (255, 0), 43723: (254, 127), 43737: (255, 127), 43751: (0, 3), 43765: (0, 0), 43779: (255, 127), 43793: (255, 127), 43807: (255, 3), 43821: (255, 0), 43835: (255, 127), 43849: (0, 127), 43863: (255, 127), 43877: (0, 4), 43891: (0, 1), 43905: (255, 0), 43919: (255, 0), 43933: (255, 2), 43947: (0, 2), 43961: (0, 1), 43975: (0, 1), 43989: (255, 0), 44003: (255, 1), 44017: (0, 3), 44031: (0, 1), 44045: (0, 0), 44059: (255, 0), 44073: (255, 4), 44087: (0, 2), 44101: (0, 1), 44115: (0, 0), 44129: (0, 0), 44143: (0, 3), 44157: (0, 1), 44171: (0, 0), 44185: (255, 127), 44199: (0, 4), 44213: (0, 2), 44227: (0, 0), 44241: (0, 1), 44255: (255, 0), 44269: (255, 2), 44283: (0, 1), 44297: (0, 1), 44311: (0, 0), 44325: (255, 5), 44339: (255, 0), 44353: (0, 0), 44367: (0, 0), 44381: (0, 4), 44395: (255, 0), 44409: (255, 0), 44423: (255, 127), 44437: (255, 3), 44451: (255, 127), 44465: (0, 127), 44479: (0, 126), 44493: (0, 1), 44507: (255, 0), 44521: (255, 127), 44535: (255, 127), 44549: (0, 2), 44563: (0, 1), 44577: (255, 127), 44591: (255, 127), 44605: (255, 1), 44619: (0, 1), 44633: (0, 0), 44647: (0, 0), 44661: (255, 0), 44675: (255, 3), 44689: (255, 0), 44703: (255, 0), 44717: (0, 1), 44731: (0, 3), 44745: (0, 2), 44759: (255, 1), 44773: (255, 0), 44787: (255, 127), 44801: (0, 4), 44815: (0, 1), 44829: (0, 0), 44843: (255, 0), 44857: (255, 3), 44871: (0, 2), 44885: (0, 1), 44899: (0, 0), 44913: (255, 0), 44927: (255, 4), 44941: (255, 1), 44955: (0, 1), 44969: (0, 0), 44983: (0, 1), 44997: (0, 3), 45011: (0, 1), 45025: (0, 1), 45039: (0, 0), 45053: (1, 5), 45067: (1, 2), 45081: (1, 0), 45095: (1, 0), 45109: (1, 2), 45123: (2, 3), 45137: (1, 0), 45151: (2, 1), 45165: (2, 127), 45179: (1, 3), 45193: (0, 0), 45207: (0, 0), 45221: (1, 1), 45235: (1, 4), 45249: (0, 1), 45263: (0, 0), 45277: (0, 0), 45291: (1, 4), 45305: (1, 1), 45319: (0, 127), 45333: (0, 127), 45347: (0, 1), 45361: (1, 127), 45375: (0, 126), 45389: (0, 127), 45403: (255, 127), 45417: (0, 2), 45431: (0, 127), 45445: (255, 127), 45459: (255, 127), 45473: (1, 3), 45487: (0, 0), 45501: (255, 127), 45515: (255, 127), 45529: (0, 4), 45543: (0, 0), 45557: (255, 127), 45571: (1, 0), 45585: (1, 0), 45599: (0, 1), 45613: (1, 0), 45627: (1, 1), 45641: (1, 0), 45655: (0, 4), 45669: (1, 1), 45683: (0, 0), 45697: (255, 127), 45711: (0, 3), 45725: (1, 0), 45739: (0, 127), 45753: (0, 127), 45767: (0, 3), 45781: (0, 0), 45795: (255, 127), 45809: (0, 0), 45823: (1, 3), 45837: (1, 1), 45851: (255, 0), 45865: (255, 127), 45879: (0, 1), 45893: (1, 1), 45907: (0, 0), 45921: (255, 127), 45935: (0, 127), 45949: (255, 2), 45963: (0, 0), 45977: (0, 0), 45991: (0, 0), 46005: (0, 4), 46019: (0, 1), 46033: (0, 0), 46047: (0, 0), 46061: (0, 3), 46075: (0, 1), 46089: (0, 0), 46103: (255, 127), 46117: (255, 126), 46131: (0, 3), 46145: (0, 0), 46159: (0, 127), 46173: (0, 127), 46187: (0, 3), 46201: (0, 127), 46215: (0, 127), 46229: (0, 127), 46243: (0, 3), 46257: (255, 0), 46271: (255, 127), 46285: (0, 127), 46299: (0, 0), 46313: (0, 2), 46327: (1, 1), 46341: (1, 127), 46355: (0, 127), 46369: (0, 2), 46383: (1, 1), 46397: (1, 0), 46411: (0, 0), 46425: (0, 0), 46439: (1, 3), 46453: (0, 0), 46467: (0, 0), 46481: (0, 0), 46495: (1, 0), 46509: (0, 4), 46523: (0, 0), 46537: (0, 0), 46551: (0, 1), 46565: (0, 0), 46579: (0, 3), 46593: (0, 0), 46607: (0, 0), 46621: (0, 0), 46635: (0, 2), 46649: (0, 0), 46663: (0, 127), 46677: (0, 127), 46691: (1, 127), 46705: (1, 1), 46719: (0, 126), 46733: (0, 126), 46747: (1, 126), 46761: (1, 2), 46775: (0, 1), 46789: (0, 127), 46803: (0, 0), 46817: (0, 1), 46831: (0, 3), 46845: (0, 0), 46859: (0, 0), 46873: (255, 0), 46887: (0, 4), 46901: (0, 0), 46915: (255, 0), 46929: (0, 0), 46943: (0, 4), 46957: (0, 0), 46971: (0, 127), 46985: (0, 127), 46999: (0, 3), 47013: (0, 1), 47027: (0, 0), 47041: (0, 127), 47055: (0, 2), 47069: (0, 1), 47083: (255, 127), 47097: (0, 127), 47111: (255, 0), 47125: (255, 1), 47139: (0, 0), 47153: (1, 127), 47167: (0, 127), 47181: (0, 0), 47195: (1, 125), 47209: (2, 125), 47223: (2, 124), 47237: (2, 126), 47251: (1, 124), 47265: (1, 125), 47279: (0, 125), 47293: (0, 2), 47307: (0, 127), 47321: (0, 127), 47335: (255, 127), 47349: (255, 3), 47363: (0, 1), 47377: (0, 0), 47391: (255, 127), 47405: (0, 3), 47419: (1, 1), 47433: (0, 0), 47447: (255, 0), 47461: (255, 4), 47475: (1, 1), 47489: (0, 0), 47503: (0, 0), 47517: (0, 4), 47531: (255, 0), 47545: (255, 0), 47559: (0, 0), 47573: (0, 3), 47587: (255, 0), 47601: (255, 0), 47615: (0, 0), 47629: (0, 3), 47643: (0, 1), 47657: (255, 0), 47671: (0, 1), 47685: (0, 2), 47699: (0, 1), 47713: (255, 0), 47727: (0, 0), 47741: (0, 2), 47755: (1, 2), 47769: (0, 1), 47783: (0, 0), 47797: (255, 1), 47811: (0, 3), 47825: (0, 1), 47839: (0, 0), 47853: (255, 2), 47867: (0, 2), 47881: (0, 1), 47895: (255, 1), 47909: (0, 2), 47923: (0, 2), 47937: (1, 1), 47951: (0, 1), 47965: (255, 1), 47979: (255, 2), 47993: (0, 1), 48007: (1, 1), 48021: (1, 0), 48035: (0, 2), 48049: (255, 127), 48063: (0, 127), 48077: (0, 0), 48091: (1, 3), 48105: (0, 0), 48119: (255, 127), 48133: (0, 0), 48147: (0, 3), 48161: (0, 0), 48175: (0, 127), 48189: (0, 127), 48203: (0, 3), 48217: (0, 0), 48231: (255, 127), 48245: (255, 127), 48259: (0, 4), 48273: (0, 127), 48287: (0, 127), 48301: (255, 126), 48315: (254, 3), 48329: (255, 0), 48343: (0, 0), 48357: (255, 127), 48371: (255, 3), 48385: (255, 0), 48399: (255, 0), 48413: (255, 0), 48427: (0, 3), 48441: (0, 1), 48455: (255, 0), 48469: (255, 127), 48483: (255, 127), 48497: (0, 4), 48511: (0, 1), 48525: (255, 0), 48539: (0, 0), 48553: (255, 3), 48567: (255, 2), 48581: (255, 0), 48595: (0, 1), 48609: (0, 0), 48623: (0, 5), 48637: (255, 1), 48651: (255, 0), 48665: (255, 0), 48679: (0, 4), 48693: (1, 3), 48707: (0, 1), 48721: (0, 1), 48735: (0, 0), 48749: (1, 5), 48763: (0, 1), 48777: (255, 0), 48791: (0, 0), 48805: (0, 4), 48819: (0, 1), 48833: (0, 0), 48847: (0, 0), 48861: (0, 1), 48875: (0, 2), 48889: (1, 1), 48903: (0, 127), 48917: (255, 127), 48931: (0, 4), 48945: (1, 0), 48959: (0, 127), 48973: (255, 127), 48987: (255, 1), 49001: (0, 1), 49015: (0, 0), 49029: (255, 127), 49043: (255, 0), 49057: (255, 3), 49071: (255, 0), 49085: (255, 0), 49099: (1, 0), 49113: (1, 3), 49127: (0, 127), 49141: (0, 0), 49155: (1, 1), 49169: (1, 4), 49183: (0, 0), 49197: (1, 127), 49211: (2, 127), 49225: (1, 3), 49239: (0, 127), 49253: (0, 127), 49267: (1, 127), 49281: (1, 4), 49295: (1, 127), 49309: (0, 127), 49323: (255, 127), 49337: (0, 3), 49351: (1, 0), 49365: (1, 127), 49379: (0, 127), 49393: (0, 4), 49407: (0, 0), 49421: (255, 127), 49435: (0, 127), 49449: (0, 3), 49463: (0, 127), 49477: (255, 127), 49491: (255, 126), 49505: (255, 2), 49519: (0, 127), 49533: (255, 126), 49547: (255, 126), 49561: (0, 2), 49575: (255, 127), 49589: (254, 126), 49603: (255, 126), 49617: (0, 126), 49631: (0, 2), 49645: (255, 127), 49659: (255, 127), 49673: (255, 127), 49687: (0, 2), 49701: (0, 1), 49715: (0, 0), 49729: (254, 127), 49743: (255, 127), 49757: (0, 3), 49771: (0, 0), 49785: (255, 127), 49799: (255, 127), 49813: (255, 127), 49827: (255, 4), 49841: (0, 1), 49855: (0, 126), 49869: (1, 127), 49883: (2, 1), 49897: (1, 4), 49911: (0, 2), 49925: (0, 1), 49939: (0, 1), 49953: (0, 0), 49967: (0, 1), 49981: (0, 2), 49995: (255, 0), 50009: (255, 0), 50023: (0, 127), 50037: (0, 1), 50051: (255, 125), 50065: (0, 126), 50079: (2, 127), 50093: (2, 126), 50107: (0, 2), 50121: (1, 127), 50135: (1, 0), 50149: (0, 127), 50163: (0, 0), 50177: (1, 1), 50191: (0, 0), 50205: (1, 0), 50219: (1, 0), 50233: (0, 4), 50247: (0, 127), 50261: (0, 127), 50275: (1, 127), 50289: (1, 2), 50303: (0, 2), 50317: (1, 0), 50331: (1, 127), 50345: (2, 127), 50359: (1, 1), 50373: (2, 1), 50387: (1, 127), 50401: (0, 0), 50415: (1, 3), 50429: (1, 0), 50443: (0, 127), 50457: (0, 127), 50471: (1, 2), 50485: (1, 0), 50499: (0, 127), 50513: (0, 127), 50527: (0, 1), 50541: (0, 1), 50555: (255, 127), 50569: (255, 127), 50583: (0, 127), 50597: (1, 2), 50611: (1, 0), 50625: (1, 127), 50639: (0, 127), 50653: (0, 4), 50667: (0, 0), 50681: (1, 0), 50695: (0, 0), 50709: (0, 3), 50723: (0, 0), 50737: (1, 0), 50751: (0, 127), 50765: (0, 1), 50779: (0, 0), 50793: (0, 127), 50807: (0, 127), 50821: (0, 127), 50835: (0, 3), 50849: (0, 0), 50863: (0, 0), 50877: (0, 127), 50891: (0, 3), 50905: (255, 127), 50919: (255, 127), 50933: (0, 127), 50947: (1, 4), 50961: (0, 0), 50975: (255, 127), 50989: (0, 127), 51003: (0, 4), 51017: (1, 127), 51031: (1, 126), 51045: (1, 127), 51059: (0, 2), 51073: (1, 1), 51087: (1, 0), 51101: (0, 127), 51115: (0, 3), 51129: (0, 1), 51143: (0, 0), 51157: (0, 1), 51171: (255, 1), 51185: (0, 1), 51199: (1, 1), 51213: (1, 0), 51227: (0, 2), 51241: (0, 2), 51255: (0, 0), 51269: (0, 0), 51283: (1, 0), 51297: (1, 3), 51311: (0, 0), 51325: (255, 127), 51339: (0, 127), 51353: (1, 3), 51367: (0, 0), 51381: (0, 127), 51395: (0, 127), 51409: (1, 4), 51423: (0, 127), 51437: (0, 127), 51451: (0, 127), 51465: (0, 4), 51479: (0, 0), 51493: (255, 127), 51507: (255, 127), 51521: (255, 3), 51535: (0, 0), 51549: (0, 0), 51563: (0, 127), 51577: (255, 3), 51591: (255, 0), 51605: (0, 127), 51619: (0, 127), 51633: (255, 2), 51647: (0, 2), 51661: (0, 2), 51675: (0, 0), 51689: (255, 2), 51703: (0, 1), 51717: (0, 0), 51731: (0, 1), 51745: (1, 1), 51759: (1, 2), 51773: (1, 127), 51787: (1, 127), 51801: (2, 127), 51815: (2, 3), 51829: (1, 0), 51843: (1, 127), 51857: (1, 0), 51871: (1, 3), 51885: (1, 1), 51899: (1, 0), 51913: (0, 0), 51927: (0, 2), 51941: (1, 0), 51955: (1, 0), 51969: (1, 1), 51983: (0, 1), 51997: (0, 0), 52011: (0, 0), 52025: (0, 3), 52039: (0, 1), 52053: (0, 0), 52067: (1, 0), 52081: (0, 3), 52095: (255, 2), 52109: (1, 0), 52123: (2, 0), 52137: (2, 4), 52151: (2, 1), 52165: (2, 127), 52179: (2, 126), 52193: (2, 0), 52207: (2, 125), 52221: (3, 123), 52235: (2, 124), 52249: (1, 0), 52263: (1, 126), 52277: (2, 125), 52291: (1, 125), 52305: (0, 2), 52319: (2, 127), 52333: (1, 127), 52347: (0, 127), 52361: (1, 4), 52375: (1, 0), 52389: (1, 127), 52403: (1, 0), 52417: (1, 4), 52431: (0, 0), 52445: (0, 127), 52459: (0, 127), 52473: (2, 4), 52487: (1, 0), 52501: (0, 127), 52515: (255, 127), 52529: (1, 2), 52543: (0, 127), 52557: (0, 127), 52571: (0, 127), 52585: (0, 2), 52599: (0, 127), 52613: (0, 127), 52627: (1, 2), 52641: (0, 0), 52655: (0, 127), 52669: (1, 127), 52683: (2, 2), 52697: (1, 1), 52711: (1, 1), 52725: (1, 1), 52739: (2, 5), 52753: (1, 1), 52767: (0, 0), 52781: (0, 0), 52795: (0, 5), 52809: (1, 2), 52823: (1, 1), 52837: (1, 0), 52851: (0, 4), 52865: (0, 1), 52879: (1, 0), 52893: (0, 0), 52907: (0, 4), 52921: (0, 1), 52935: (0, 1), 52949: (0, 1), 52963: (1, 4), 52977: (1, 0), 52991: (1, 0), 53005: (0, 127), 53019: (0, 4), 53033: (0, 0), 53047: (0, 1), 53061: (0, 0), 53075: (1, 4), 53089: (2, 1), 53103: (0, 0), 53117: (0, 0), 53131: (1, 3), 53145: (1, 0), 53159: (0, 127), 53173: (0, 127), 53187: (0, 2), 53201: (0, 127), 53215: (0, 127), 53229: (0, 127), 53243: (0, 2), 53257: (255, 127), 53271: (0, 127), 53285: (0, 0), 53299: (1, 3), 53313: (0, 0), 53327: (2, 127), 53341: (2, 0), 53355: (2, 2), 53369: (1, 1), 53383: (1, 127), 53397: (2, 0), 53411: (1, 3), 53425: (0, 0), 53439: (0, 0), 53453: (0, 0), 53467: (0, 4), 53481: (1, 0), 53495: (1, 1), 53509: (0, 0), 53523: (0, 4), 53537: (0, 1), 53551: (1, 1), 53565: (0, 0), 53579: (0, 4), 53593: (0, 1), 53607: (1, 1), 53621: (0, 0), 53635: (0, 4), 53649: (0, 0), 53663: (0, 1), 53677: (0, 0), 53691: (0, 4), 53705: (0, 0), 53719: (0, 126), 53733: (1, 125), 53747: (2, 126), 53761: (1, 124), 53775: (0, 123), 53789: (0, 126), 53803: (1, 126), 53817: (1, 125), 53831: (0, 125), 53845: (0, 2), 53859: (1, 0), 53873: (0, 127), 53887: (0, 127), 53901: (0, 4), 53915: (0, 0), 53929: (0, 127), 53943: (0, 0), 53957: (0, 4), 53971: (0, 0), 53985: (0, 0), 53999: (0, 127), 54013: (1, 5), 54027: (0, 0), 54041: (255, 127), 54055: (0, 0), 54069: (1, 5), 54083: (1, 0), 54097: (1, 127), 54111: (1, 126), 54125: (1, 3), 54139: (1, 0), 54153: (1, 0), 54167: (1, 0), 54181: (0, 3), 54195: (0, 0), 54209: (0, 0), 54223: (0, 2), 54237: (0, 1), 54251: (1, 1), 54265: (1, 0), 54279: (0, 3), 54293: (0, 1), 54307: (0, 0), 54321: (0, 0), 54335: (1, 4), 54349: (0, 0), 54363: (0, 0), 54377: (255, 127), 54391: (0, 5), 54405: (1, 1), 54419: (1, 1), 54433: (0, 1), 54447: (255, 4), 54461: (1, 1), 54475: (1, 1), 54489: (0, 0), 54503: (0, 4), 54517: (0, 1), 54531: (0, 1), 54545: (255, 2), 54559: (0, 2), 54573: (0, 1), 54587: (0, 1), 54601: (255, 4), 54615: (0, 2), 54629: (255, 1), 54643: (255, 0), 54657: (0, 5), 54671: (1, 2), 54685: (0, 1), 54699: (255, 0), 54713: (255, 4), 54727: (0, 0), 54741: (0, 0), 54755: (0, 1), 54769: (0, 2), 54783: (255, 127), 54797: (255, 0), 54811: (0, 3), 54825: (1, 1), 54839: (0, 0), 54853: (0, 0), 54867: (1, 5), 54881: (1, 2), 54895: (0, 0), 54909: (0, 0), 54923: (0, 6), 54937: (1, 1), 54951: (1, 127), 54965: (0, 127), 54979: (1, 5), 54993: (1, 1), 55007: (1, 1), 55021: (1, 1), 55035: (0, 3), 55049: (0, 1), 55063: (0, 1), 55077: (0, 4), 55091: (1, 3), 55105: (0, 1), 55119: (0, 0), 55133: (0, 5), 55147: (0, 1), 55161: (0, 0), 55175: (255, 127), 55189: (0, 5), 55203: (0, 1), 55217: (255, 127), 55231: (255, 127), 55245: (0, 4), 55259: (0, 0), 55273: (0, 0), 55287: (0, 1), 55301: (255, 1), 55315: (254, 127), 55329: (255, 127), 55343: (0, 3), 55357: (0, 1), 55371: (255, 0), 55385: (255, 127), 55399: (255, 3), 55413: (255, 1), 55427: (0, 127), 55441: (255, 127), 55455: (255, 3), 55469: (255, 1), 55483: (255, 0), 55497: (255, 0), 55511: (255, 2), 55525: (0, 1), 55539: (0, 0), 55553: (0, 126), 55567: (0, 126), 55581: (0, 4), 55595: (1, 1), 55609: (1, 1), 55623: (0, 0), 55637: (0, 0), 55651: (0, 2), 55665: (0, 1), 55679: (1, 1), 55693: (1, 0), 55707: (0, 5), 55721: (255, 1), 55735: (0, 0), 55749: (0, 1), 55763: (0, 4), 55777: (0, 1), 55791: (0, 0), 55805: (0, 1), 55819: (0, 1), 55833: (0, 0), 55847: (1, 0), 55861: (0, 0), 55875: (0, 2), 55889: (0, 2), 55903: (0, 0), 55917: (255, 127), 55931: (0, 1), 55945: (1, 2), 55959: (0, 0), 55973: (255, 0), 55987: (0, 4), 56001: (0, 2), 56015: (0, 0), 56029: (0, 0), 56043: (0, 3), 56057: (0, 0), 56071: (0, 0), 56085: (0, 127), 56099: (0, 2), 56113: (0, 127), 56127: (1, 125), 56141: (1, 125), 56155: (1, 1), 56169: (1, 125), 56183: (1, 124), 56197: (1, 125), 56211: (1, 2), 56225: (1, 127), 56239: (0, 127), 56253: (0, 127), 56267: (1, 4), 56281: (1, 127), 56295: (0, 126), 56309: (0, 126), 56323: (1, 4), 56337: (1, 0), 56351: (0, 127), 56365: (0, 127), 56379: (0, 4), 56393: (0, 0), 56407: (0, 0), 56421: (0, 0), 56435: (0, 4), 56449: (0, 0), 56463: (0, 127), 56477: (0, 127), 56491: (0, 3), 56505: (255, 0), 56519: (0, 127), 56533: (0, 127), 56547: (1, 4), 56561: (0, 0), 56575: (255, 0), 56589: (255, 0), 56603: (0, 5), 56617: (0, 1), 56631: (0, 0), 56645: (255, 127), 56659: (0, 4), 56673: (0, 1), 56687: (0, 0), 56701: (0, 127), 56715: (0, 3), 56729: (0, 126), 56743: (0, 126), 56757: (0, 126), 56771: (255, 4), 56785: (0, 0), 56799: (1, 0), 56813: (1, 127), 56827: (1, 3), 56841: (1, 127), 56855: (1, 126), 56869: (1, 127), 56883: (1, 4), 56897: (0, 127), 56911: (0, 127), 56925: (1, 0), 56939: (0, 5), 56953: (0, 0), 56967: (0, 0), 56981: (0, 0), 56995: (0, 5), 57009: (0, 1), 57023: (0, 0), 57037: (255, 127), 57051: (255, 3), 57065: (255, 0), 57079: (255, 0), 57093: (255, 127), 57107: (255, 3), 57121: (255, 0), 57135: (255, 0), 57149: (0, 0), 57163: (1, 4), 57177: (1, 127), 57191: (1, 127), 57205: (0, 127), 57219: (0, 3), 57233: (0, 0), 57247: (255, 0), 57261: (0, 0), 57275: (0, 5), 57289: (0, 1), 57303: (0, 0), 57317: (255, 0), 57331: (0, 4), 57345: (0, 1), 57359: (0, 1), 57373: (0, 1), 57387: (0, 4), 57401: (0, 1), 57415: (0, 1), 57429: (0, 0), 57443: (0, 4), 57457: (0, 0), 57471: (1, 127), 57485: (0, 127), 57499: (0, 4), 57513: (0, 0), 57527: (0, 127), 57541: (0, 127), 57555: (0, 3), 57569: (0, 127), 57583: (0, 127), 57597: (0, 127), 57611: (0, 4), 57625: (0, 0), 57639: (255, 0), 57653: (255, 0), 57667: (0, 4), 57681: (0, 0), 57695: (255, 0), 57709: (255, 127), 57723: (0, 4), 57737: (0, 0), 57751: (254, 127), 57765: (254, 127), 57779: (255, 4), 57793: (0, 0), 57807: (0, 0), 57821: (0, 0), 57835: (0, 3), 57849: (0, 0), 57863: (0, 0), 57877: (0, 127), 57891: (255, 2), 57905: (0, 1), 57919: (0, 0), 57933: (0, 0), 57947: (0, 3), 57961: (1, 1), 57975: (0, 0), 57989: (0, 127), 58003: (0, 2), 58017: (1, 1), 58031: (0, 0), 58045: (0, 127), 58059: (0, 0), 58073: (0, 1), 58087: (0, 0), 58101: (1, 126), 58115: (1, 127), 58129: (1, 0), 58143: (1, 127), 58157: (0, 127), 58171: (0, 126), 58185: (1, 3), 58199: (0, 127), 58213: (0, 0), 58227: (255, 127), 58241: (255, 3), 58255: (255, 0), 58269: (255, 127), 58283: (0, 0), 58297: (0, 2), 58311: (255, 1), 58325: (0, 127), 58339: (1, 127), 58353: (1, 1), 58367: (1, 1), 58381: (0, 0), 58395: (0, 127), 58409: (0, 2), 58423: (0, 2), 58437: (255, 0), 58451: (0, 0), 58465: (0, 1), 58479: (0, 2), 58493: (255, 1), 58507: (255, 0), 58521: (255, 1), 58535: (0, 3), 58549: (0, 1), 58563: (0, 0), 58577: (255, 0), 58591: (255, 3), 58605: (0, 0), 58619: (0, 0), 58633: (0, 0), 58647: (0, 2), 58661: (255, 0), 58675: (255, 0), 58689: (255, 0), 58703: (255, 3), 58717: (0, 0), 58731: (0, 127), 58745: (0, 127), 58759: (255, 3), 58773: (255, 127), 58787: (0, 127), 58801: (2, 126), 58815: (1, 3), 58829: (1, 0), 58843: (1, 127), 58857: (1, 127), 58871: (1, 4), 58885: (2, 0), 58899: (1, 0), 58913: (0, 127), 58927: (0, 3), 58941: (1, 2), 58955: (0, 0), 58969: (0, 0), 58983: (0, 3), 58997: (1, 2), 59011: (0, 1), 59025: (0, 0), 59039: (0, 1), 59053: (1, 2), 59067: (1, 0), 59081: (1, 0), 59095: (0, 127), 59109: (0, 1), 59123: (0, 127), 59137: (1, 127), 59151: (1, 1), 59165: (0, 3), 59179: (0, 0), 59193: (0, 1), 59207: (0, 0), 59221: (1, 4), 59235: (0, 1), 59249: (0, 0), 59263: (0, 0), 59277: (0, 4), 59291: (0, 0), 59305: (0, 0), 59319: (0, 0), 59333: (1, 5), 59347: (0, 1), 59361: (255, 0), 59375: (0, 127), 59389: (0, 4), 59403: (1, 2), 59417: (0, 1), 59431: (0, 0), 59445: (0, 3), 59459: (1, 0), 59473: (1, 0), 59487: (1, 127), 59501: (0, 3), 59515: (0, 0), 59529: (0, 0), 59543: (0, 0), 59557: (0, 4), 59571: (0, 1), 59585: (0, 0), 59599: (0, 0), 59613: (0, 4), 59627: (0, 0), 59641: (0, 127), 59655: (0, 127), 59669: (1, 4), 59683: (0, 0), 59697: (255, 127), 59711: (255, 127), 59725: (0, 3), 59739: (0, 0), 59753: (0, 127), 59767: (255, 127), 59781: (0, 3), 59795: (0, 0), 59809: (0, 1), 59823: (0, 1), 59837: (255, 3), 59851: (255, 0), 59865: (255, 0), 59879: (0, 0), 59893: (0, 3), 59907: (0, 127), 59921: (0, 127), 59935: (255, 126), 59949: (0, 4), 59963: (0, 0), 59977: (0, 0), 59991: (0, 0), 60005: (0, 4), 60019: (0, 1), 60033: (255, 0), 60047: (255, 0), 60061: (0, 3), 60075: (1, 1), 60089: (0, 0), 60103: (255, 0), 60117: (255, 1), 60131: (1, 1), 60145: (1, 127), 60159: (1, 126), 60173: (0, 126), 60187: (0, 1), 60201: (0, 126), 60215: (1, 125), 60229: (1, 124), 60243: (2, 0), 60257: (2, 124), 60271: (0, 125), 60285: (0, 125), 60299: (0, 2), 60313: (1, 127), 60327: (1, 127), 60341: (2, 0), 60355: (0, 1), 60369: (0, 0), 60383: (1, 0), 60397: (1, 0), 60411: (1, 127), 60425: (0, 2), 60439: (0, 127), 60453: (0, 127), 60467: (1, 127), 60481: (1, 4), 60495: (0, 127), 60509: (0, 127), 60523: (1, 126), 60537: (1, 2), 60551: (2, 127), 60565: (1, 0), 60579: (2, 127), 60593: (2, 2), 60607: (1, 127), 60621: (0, 126), 60635: (0, 126), 60649: (1, 3), 60663: (1, 1), 60677: (0, 0), 60691: (0, 127), 60705: (0, 3), 60719: (0, 1), 60733: (0, 1), 60747: (0, 0), 60761: (0, 4), 60775: (0, 1), 60789: (0, 0), 60803: (1, 0), 60817: (1, 4), 60831: (1, 0), 60845: (0, 0), 60859: (0, 0), 60873: (0, 4), 60887: (0, 1), 60901: (255, 127), 60915: (0, 0), 60929: (0, 3), 60943: (0, 0), 60957: (255, 127), 60971: (0, 0), 60985: (0, 4), 60999: (0, 0), 61013: (255, 127), 61027: (0, 127), 61041: (0, 3), 61055: (0, 127), 61069: (0, 127), 61083: (0, 127), 61097: (0, 2), 61111: (0, 0), 61125: (0, 127), 61139: (0, 1), 61153: (0, 1), 61167: (0, 0), 61181: (0, 0), 61195: (1, 2), 61209: (1, 1), 61223: (2, 127), 61237: (1, 126), 61251: (2, 3), 61265: (2, 1), 61279: (1, 1), 61293: (1, 0), 61307: (1, 2), 61321: (1, 2), 61335: (1, 0), 61349: (0, 0), 61363: (0, 1), 61377: (1, 1), 61391: (1, 0), 61405: (1, 1), 61419: (1, 3), 61433: (1, 1), 61447: (1, 1), 61461: (1, 0), 61475: (1, 2), 61489: (1, 2), 61503: (1, 0), 61517: (1, 127), 61531: (2, 2), 61545: (2, 1), 61559: (1, 0), 61573: (1, 1), 61587: (1, 2), 61601: (1, 2), 61615: (1, 0), 61629: (0, 0), 61643: (0, 1), 61657: (1, 2), 61671: (0, 0), 61685: (1, 0), 61699: (0, 1), 61713: (0, 1), 61727: (0, 0), 61741: (1, 0), 61755: (1, 2), 61769: (255, 0), 61783: (0, 0), 61797: (1, 127), 61811: (1, 0), 61825: (2, 0), 61839: (2, 1), 61853: (1, 127), 61867: (1, 2), 61881: (1, 1), 61895: (1, 127), 61909: (0, 127), 61923: (0, 2), 61937: (1, 1), 61951: (0, 0), 61965: (0, 127), 61979: (0, 2), 61993: (1, 2), 62007: (1, 0), 62021: (1, 127), 62035: (0, 2), 62049: (0, 1), 62063: (0, 1), 62077: (0, 0), 62091: (0, 3), 62105: (1, 1), 62119: (0, 0), 62133: (1, 1), 62147: (0, 3), 62161: (0, 1), 62175: (0, 0), 62189: (1, 0), 62203: (0, 2), 62217: (1, 2), 62231: (0, 126), 62245: (1, 126), 62259: (1, 2), 62273: (2, 2), 62287: (1, 0), 62301: (0, 127), 62315: (1, 1), 62329: (2, 2), 62343: (3, 126), 62357: (1, 127), 62371: (1, 0), 62385: (1, 0), 62399: (0, 127), 62413: (1, 127), 62427: (1, 1), 62441: (1, 0), 62455: (0, 127), 62469: (0, 127), 62483: (0, 2), 62497: (0, 0), 62511: (0, 127), 62525: (1, 127), 62539: (1, 2), 62553: (0, 0), 62567: (255, 126), 62581: (255, 127), 62595: (0, 2), 62609: (1, 1), 62623: (0, 127), 62637: (255, 127), 62651: (255, 2), 62665: (0, 0), 62679: (0, 127), 62693: (0, 127), 62707: (0, 2), 62721: (255, 0), 62735: (0, 127), 62749: (1, 127), 62763: (1, 126), 62777: (1, 2), 62791: (1, 127), 62805: (1, 127), 62819: (1, 2), 62833: (0, 4), 62847: (1, 0), 62861: (1, 0), 62875: (1, 127), 62889: (255, 2), 62903: (0, 0), 62917: (0, 127), 62931: (0, 127), 62945: (1, 0), 62959: (1, 4), 62973: (0, 0), 62987: (0, 0), 63001: (0, 0), 63015: (0, 3), 63029: (0, 0), 63043: (0, 0), 63057: (0, 0), 63071: (0, 0), 63085: (1, 2), 63099: (0, 127), 63113: (0, 1), 63127: (0, 0), 63141: (0, 4), 63155: (0, 0), 63169: (0, 126), 63183: (1, 126), 63197: (1, 2), 63211: (1, 125), 63225: (1, 125), 63239: (1, 126), 63253: (1, 1), 63267: (1, 126), 63281: (1, 125), 63295: (0, 124), 63309: (0, 1), 63323: (0, 127), 63337: (0, 127), 63351: (0, 126), 63365: (0, 0), 63379: (1, 125), 63393: (2, 124), 63407: (1, 123), 63421: (1, 125), 63435: (1, 124), 63449: (0, 125), 63463: (1, 125), 63477: (2, 127), 63491: (1, 127), 63505: (0, 126), 63519: (0, 126), 63533: (1, 127), 63547: (1, 2), 63561: (0, 127), 63575: (0, 127), 63589: (1, 0), 63603: (1, 4), 63617: (0, 0), 63631: (255, 127), 63645: (0, 0), 63659: (0, 4), 63673: (1, 1), 63687: (0, 0), 63701: (1, 0), 63715: (1, 3), 63729: (1, 127), 63743: (1, 126), 63757: (1, 125), 63771: (1, 0), 63785: (2, 124), 63799: (2, 123), 63813: (1, 123), 63827: (0, 1), 63841: (0, 127), 63855: (0, 127), 63869: (1, 127), 63883: (0, 3), 63897: (0, 127), 63911: (0, 127), 63925: (0, 0), 63939: (1, 4), 63953: (0, 0), 63967: (0, 0), 63981: (0, 127), 63995: (0, 4), 64009: (0, 0), 64023: (0, 127), 64037: (0, 127), 64051: (0, 4), 64065: (0, 0), 64079: (255, 127), 64093: (255, 127), 64107: (0, 3), 64121: (0, 0), 64135: (0, 0), 64149: (0, 0), 64163: (255, 3), 64177: (255, 0), 64191: (0, 0), 64205: (0, 127), 64219: (255, 1), 64233: (0, 1), 64247: (0, 126), 64261: (0, 126), 64275: (0, 127), 64289: (0, 3), 64303: (0, 0), 64317: (0, 127), 64331: (0, 0), 64345: (0, 1), 64359: (0, 1), 64373: (0, 0), 64387: (0, 127), 64401: (0, 127), 64415: (0, 4), 64429: (255, 127), 64443: (255, 0), 64457: (0, 127), 64471: (1, 4), 64485: (0, 1), 64499: (255, 0), 64513: (255, 0), 64527: (0, 1), 64541: (1, 3), 64555: (0, 0), 64569: (255, 0), 64583: (255, 127), 64597: (0, 3), 64611: (0, 0), 64625: (0, 0), 64639: (255, 0), 64653: (255, 4), 64667: (1, 2), 64681: (0, 0), 64695: (0, 127), 64709: (0, 0), 64723: (1, 2), 64737: (2, 1), 64751: (1, 1), 64765: (0, 0), 64779: (0, 4), 64793: (0, 1), 64807: (0, 0), 64821: (255, 0), 64835: (255, 4), 64849: (0, 0), 64863: (1, 0), 64877: (0, 0), 64891: (255, 3), 64905: (255, 0), 64919: (255, 127), 64933: (255, 127), 64947: (0, 2), 64961: (255, 127), 64975: (255, 127), 64989: (255, 0), 65003: (255, 3), 65017: (255, 1), 65031: (255, 127), 65045: (255, 127), 65059: (0, 4), 65073: (255, 0), 65087: (254, 127), 65101: (254, 127), 65115: (0, 3), 65129: (255, 0), 65143: (254, 127), 65157: (254, 127), 65171: (255, 2), 65185: (255, 0), 65199: (0, 0), 65213: (0, 1), 65227: (255, 0), 65241: (255, 3), 65255: (255, 0), 65269: (255, 0), 65283: (255, 0), 65297: (255, 4), 65311: (255, 1), 65325: (255, 1), 65339: (255, 1), 65353: (255, 4), 65367: (255, 0), 65381: (0, 1), 65395: (0, 1), 65409: (255, 4), 65423: (255, 1), 65437: (255, 0), 65451: (0, 0), 65465: (0, 2), 65479: (1, 1), 65493: (0, 0), 65507: (255, 0), 65521: (0, 2), 65535: (1, 3), 65549: (1, 0), 65563: (0, 0), 65577: (0, 2), 65591: (255, 2), 65605: (0, 0), 65619: (0, 0), 65633: (0, 2), 65647: (0, 1), 65661: (0, 0), 65675: (255, 127), 65689: (255, 2), 65703: (0, 0), 65717: (0, 0), 65731: (0, 0), 65745: (0, 3), 65759: (0, 127), 65773: (0, 126), 65787: (1, 126), 65801: (1, 3), 65815: (1, 127), 65829: (0, 0), 65843: (255, 127), 65857: (0, 4), 65871: (0, 0), 65885: (0, 0), 65899: (0, 0), 65913: (0, 4), 65927: (0, 1), 65941: (0, 0), 65955: (255, 0), 65969: (0, 4), 65983: (1, 0), 65997: (1, 127), 66011: (0, 126), 66025: (0, 2), 66039: (0, 126), 66053: (1, 126), 66067: (1, 126), 66081: (0, 3), 66095: (255, 127), 66109: (0, 127), 66123: (0, 127), 66137: (1, 4), 66151: (1, 0), 66165: (0, 127), 66179: (0, 127), 66193: (0, 4), 66207: (0, 127), 66221: (0, 127), 66235: (0, 127), 66249: (0, 4), 66263: (255, 0), 66277: (255, 127), 66291: (255, 127), 66305: (0, 2), 66319: (0, 1), 66333: (255, 0), 66347: (255, 127), 66361: (255, 127), 66375: (255, 3), 66389: (0, 127), 66403: (0, 127), 66417: (0, 127), 66431: (255, 1), 66445: (255, 1), 66459: (1, 0), 66473: (1, 0), 66487: (1, 127), 66501: (0, 3), 66515: (1, 0), 66529: (1, 0), 66543: (0, 127), 66557: (0, 0), 66571: (0, 2), 66585: (1, 0), 66599: (1, 0), 66613: (0, 127), 66627: (0, 3), 66641: (1, 1), 66655: (1, 0), 66669: (1, 0), 66683: (1, 2), 66697: (1, 0), 66711: (1, 127), 66725: (1, 0), 66739: (1, 1), 66753: (1, 2), 66767: (0, 0), 66781: (0, 127), 66795: (1, 127), 66809: (1, 3), 66823: (1, 0), 66837: (1, 127), 66851: (1, 127), 66865: (1, 3), 66879: (1, 127), 66893: (1, 127), 66907: (0, 126), 66921: (0, 2), 66935: (0, 127), 66949: (0, 127), 66963: (0, 126), 66977: (255, 2), 66991: (1, 1), 67005: (1, 0), 67019: (0, 127), 67033: (0, 0), 67047: (1, 0), 67061: (1, 126), 67075: (1, 125), 67089: (0, 126), 67103: (0, 3), 67117: (0, 127), 67131: (0, 127), 67145: (0, 127), 67159: (0, 3), 67173: (0, 127), 67187: (0, 127), 67201: (0, 127), 67215: (0, 3), 67229: (0, 127), 67243: (0, 127), 67257: (0, 127), 67271: (0, 3), 67285: (255, 127), 67299: (255, 126), 67313: (0, 126), 67327: (0, 3), 67341: (0, 127), 67355: (255, 126), 67369: (255, 126), 67383: (1, 4), 67397: (1, 0), 67411: (0, 127), 67425: (255, 127), 67439: (255, 127), 67453: (0, 2), 67467: (0, 0), 67481: (255, 127), 67495: (255, 127), 67509: (0, 4), 67523: (0, 0), 67537: (0, 127), 67551: (255, 126), 67565: (0, 0), 67579: (0, 0), 67593: (1, 127), 67607: (1, 125), 67621: (0, 125), 67635: (0, 0), 67649: (1, 126), 67663: (1, 126), 67677: (1, 126), 67691: (0, 1), 67705: (0, 127), 67719: (0, 126), 67733: (0, 127), 67747: (0, 126), 67761: (0, 3), 67775: (0, 0), 67789: (0, 127), 67803: (0, 126), 67817: (0, 1), 67831: (0, 127), 67845: (0, 126), 67859: (1, 126), 67873: (0, 125), 67887: (0, 1), 67901: (0, 126), 67915: (1, 126), 67929: (0, 125), 67943: (0, 2), 67957: (0, 127), 67971: (0, 126), 67985: (0, 127), 67999: (0, 127), 68013: (1, 1), 68027: (1, 0), 68041: (1, 127), 68055: (1, 127), 68069: (2, 3), 68083: (1, 0), 68097: (0, 127), 68111: (0, 0), 68125: (0, 4), 68139: (1, 0), 68153: (0, 127), 68167: (0, 127), 68181: (0, 2), 68195: (1, 1), 68209: (0, 127), 68223: (0, 127), 68237: (0, 127), 68251: (1, 4), 68265: (0, 0), 68279: (0, 0), 68293: (0, 127), 68307: (0, 3), 68321: (1, 1), 68335: (1, 127), 68349: (0, 127), 68363: (0, 3), 68377: (0, 0), 68391: (1, 127), 68405: (1, 126), 68419: (0, 1), 68433: (0, 0), 68447: (0, 0), 68461: (0, 127), 68475: (0, 0), 68489: (0, 2), 68503: (255, 0), 68517: (0, 0), 68531: (0, 0), 68545: (0, 4), 68559: (255, 0), 68573: (0, 127), 68587: (0, 0), 68601: (0, 4), 68615: (0, 1), 68629: (255, 127), 68643: (255, 0), 68657: (0, 2), 68671: (0, 2), 68685: (255, 0), 68699: (0, 0), 68713: (0, 0), 68727: (1, 3), 68741: (1, 1), 68755: (0, 127), 68769: (255, 127), 68783: (0, 4), 68797: (0, 0), 68811: (0, 0), 68825: (1, 0), 68839: (1, 4), 68853: (2, 2), 68867: (2, 1), 68881: (1, 1), 68895: (1, 4), 68909: (1, 1), 68923: (2, 1), 68937: (2, 1), 68951: (1, 4), 68965: (0, 0), 68979: (1, 1), 68993: (2, 1), 69007: (2, 4), 69021: (2, 2), 69035: (1, 0), 69049: (1, 1), 69063: (1, 3), 69077: (1, 1), 69091: (1, 0), 69105: (1, 1), 69119: (1, 1), 69133: (1, 3), 69147: (1, 0), 69161: (1, 127), 69175: (2, 0), 69189: (2, 5), 69203: (2, 1), 69217: (0, 127), 69231: (0, 127), 69245: (1, 4), 69259: (2, 1), 69273: (1, 0), 69287: (0, 0), 69301: (255, 127), 69315: (0, 4), 69329: (0, 0), 69343: (0, 0), 69357: (0, 127), 69371: (0, 3), 69385: (0, 0), 69399: (0, 127), 69413: (0, 127), 69427: (0, 2), 69441: (0, 1), 69455: (0, 0), 69469: (255, 127), 69483: (255, 0), 69497: (255, 1), 69511: (0, 127), 69525: (0, 127), 69539: (0, 0), 69553: (255, 1), 69567: (254, 127), 69581: (255, 127), 69595: (0, 127), 69609: (0, 2), 69623: (255, 127), 69637: (255, 127), 69651: (255, 127), 69665: (255, 4), 69679: (255, 127), 69693: (255, 127), 69707: (255, 127), 69721: (255, 127), 69735: (255, 3), 69749: (255, 127), 69763: (255, 127), 69777: (0, 127), 69791: (255, 127), 69805: (0, 3), 69819: (255, 0), 69833: (255, 127), 69847: (0, 127), 69861: (0, 0), 69875: (0, 4), 69889: (255, 0), 69903: (255, 0), 69917: (0, 0), 69931: (0, 0), 69945: (0, 3), 69959: (255, 0), 69973: (255, 0), 69987: (255, 127), 70001: (0, 1), 70015: (0, 2), 70029: (0, 0), 70043: (0, 0), 70057: (255, 0), 70071: (255, 3), 70085: (255, 0), 70099: (0, 127), 70113: (0, 127), 70127: (0, 127), 70141: (255, 1), 70155: (255, 1), 70169: (255, 0), 70183: (1, 1), 70197: (0, 0), 70211: (0, 4), 70225: (255, 0), 70239: (255, 1), 70253: (0, 0), 70267: (0, 5), 70281: (0, 1), 70295: (255, 0), 70309: (255, 0), 70323: (0, 5), 70337: (0, 1), 70351: (0, 0), 70365: (255, 0), 70379: (0, 5), 70393: (0, 1), 70407: (0, 0), 70421: (0, 1), 70435: (0, 4), 70449: (1, 1), 70463: (0, 0), 70477: (255, 0), 70491: (255, 2), 70505: (0, 1), 70519: (0, 0), 70533: (0, 1), 70547: (0, 1), 70561: (255, 127), 70575: (255, 127), 70589: (0, 3), 70603: (0, 0), 70617: (255, 127), 70631: (255, 127), 70645: (255, 4), 70659: (0, 0), 70673: (255, 127), 70687: (255, 127), 70701: (0, 3), 70715: (0, 0), 70729: (0, 0), 70743: (255, 1), 70757: (0, 2), 70771: (1, 126), 70785: (1, 127), 70799: (0, 1), 70813: (1, 2), 70827: (1, 0), 70841: (1, 1), 70855: (1, 0), 70869: (0, 3), 70883: (0, 0), 70897: (0, 127), 70911: (0, 0), 70925: (0, 4), 70939: (0, 0), 70953: (255, 0), 70967: (255, 0), 70981: (1, 5), 70995: (0, 1), 71009: (0, 0), 71023: (0, 0), 71037: (255, 4), 71051: (0, 1), 71065: (0, 0), 71079: (0, 127), 71093: (0, 4), 71107: (0, 1), 71121: (0, 0), 71135: (0, 0), 71149: (0, 5), 71163: (0, 0), 71177: (0, 127), 71191: (0, 127), 71205: (0, 3), 71219: (0, 127), 71233: (0, 126), 71247: (0, 125), 71261: (0, 0), 71275: (0, 125), 71289: (0, 125), 71303: (255, 126), 71317: (0, 1), 71331: (0, 0), 71345: (0, 127), 71359: (0, 127), 71373: (1, 1), 71387: (1, 0), 71401: (0, 127), 71415: (0, 127), 71429: (0, 127), 71443: (0, 2), 71457: (1, 127), 71471: (0, 126), 71485: (0, 126), 71499: (0, 2), 71513: (1, 127), 71527: (1, 127), 71541: (0, 126), 71555: (0, 3), 71569: (0, 127), 71583: (1, 0), 71597: (0, 127), 71611: (0, 3), 71625: (0, 127), 71639: (0, 127), 71653: (0, 127), 71667: (0, 3), 71681: (0, 0), 71695: (0, 0), 71709: (0, 127), 71723: (0, 3), 71737: (0, 0), 71751: (255, 127), 71765: (0, 127), 71779: (1, 2), 71793: (1, 0), 71807: (0, 127), 71821: (0, 126), 71835: (0, 1), 71849: (1, 1), 71863: (1, 127), 71877: (1, 126), 71891: (0, 127), 71905: (1, 1), 71919: (0, 127), 71933: (0, 127), 71947: (0, 127), 71961: (0, 3), 71975: (255, 127), 71989: (255, 127), 72003: (0, 127), 72017: (0, 4), 72031: (255, 127), 72045: (255, 0), 72059: (0, 0), 72073: (0, 5), 72087: (255, 0), 72101: (255, 0), 72115: (0, 0), 72129: (0, 4), 72143: (0, 0), 72157: (255, 0), 72171: (0, 0), 72185: (0, 1), 72199: (0, 2), 72213: (0, 0), 72227: (255, 0), 72241: (0, 0), 72255: (0, 4), 72269: (255, 0), 72283: (255, 127), 72297: (255, 126), 72311: (0, 0), 72325: (1, 0), 72339: (255, 127), 72353: (255, 127), 72367: (255, 0), 72381: (0, 4), 72395: (0, 0), 72409: (255, 0), 72423: (254, 127), 72437: (255, 5), 72451: (0, 1), 72465: (0, 1), 72479: (255, 0), 72493: (255, 3), 72507: (255, 2), 72521: (255, 0), 72535: (255, 127), 72549: (0, 0), 72563: (0, 3), 72577: (0, 0), 72591: (0, 1), 72605: (0, 0), 72619: (0, 5), 72633: (0, 0), 72647: (0, 1), 72661: (0, 0), 72675: (255, 3), 72689: (255, 0), 72703: (255, 127), 72717: (0, 127), 72731: (0, 3), 72745: (255, 0), 72759: (254, 127), 72773: (254, 127), 72787: (255, 1), 72801: (0, 2), 72815: (255, 127), 72829: (255, 127), 72843: (255, 127), 72857: (255, 3), 72871: (255, 127), 72885: (255, 127), 72899: (255, 127), 72913: (255, 4), 72927: (255, 127), 72941: (254, 127), 72955: (255, 127), 72969: (255, 127), 72983: (0, 3), 72997: (255, 0), 73011: (254, 127), 73025: (254, 127), 73039: (255, 2), 73053: (0, 1), 73067: (0, 0), 73081: (0, 0), 73095: (255, 0), 73109: (255, 4), 73123: (0, 1), 73137: (0, 0), 73151: (255, 0), 73165: (255, 0), 73179: (0, 4), 73193: (255, 1), 73207: (255, 0), 73221: (0, 1), 73235: (0, 0), 73249: (0, 3), 73263: (255, 1), 73277: (255, 0), 73291: (255, 1), 73305: (0, 4), 73319: (0, 2), 73333: (255, 0), 73347: (255, 1), 73361: (255, 127), 73375: (0, 4), 73389: (0, 1), 73403: (0, 0), 73417: (0, 127), 73431: (255, 127), 73445: (0, 2), 73459: (0, 0), 73473: (255, 0), 73487: (0, 0), 73501: (0, 4), 73515: (0, 1), 73529: (255, 0), 73543: (255, 0), 73557: (255, 5), 73571: (0, 1), 73585: (0, 0), 73599: (255, 0), 73613: (255, 5), 73627: (255, 1), 73641: (0, 0), 73655: (0, 0), 73669: (0, 5), 73683: (255, 1), 73697: (255, 0), 73711: (255, 0), 73725: (0, 4), 73739: (0, 0), 73753: (255, 127), 73767: (254, 127), 73781: (255, 2), 73795: (255, 0), 73809: (255, 127), 73823: (255, 127), 73837: (255, 2), 73851: (255, 0), 73865: (255, 127), 73879: (255, 127), 73893: (0, 3), 73907: (0, 0), 73921: (255, 0), 73935: (255, 127), 73949: (255, 4), 73963: (255, 0), 73977: (255, 0), 73991: (255, 127), 74005: (255, 3), 74019: (254, 127), 74033: (254, 127), 74047: (255, 0), 74061: (0, 3), 74075: (0, 2), 74089: (255, 0), 74103: (255, 0), 74117: (255, 0), 74131: (0, 3), 74145: (0, 1), 74159: (0, 0), 74173: (0, 0), 74187: (255, 5), 74201: (255, 1), 74215: (255, 0), 74229: (255, 0), 74243: (255, 1), 74257: (0, 3), 74271: (0, 1), 74285: (255, 1), 74299: (255, 0), 74313: (0, 5), 74327: (0, 1), 74341: (0, 1), 74355: (255, 0), 74369: (255, 3), 74383: (1, 2), 74397: (0, 1), 74411: (255, 0), 74425: (255, 1), 74439: (0, 3), 74453: (0, 1), 74467: (255, 0), 74481: (255, 0), 74495: (0, 5), 74509: (1, 2), 74523: (1, 0), 74537: (1, 0), 74551: (0, 4), 74565: (1, 1), 74579: (1, 1), 74593: (1, 1), 74607: (0, 3), 74621: (0, 1), 74635: (1, 1), 74649: (1, 1), 74663: (1, 4), 74677: (0, 1), 74691: (0, 127), 74705: (0, 127), 74719: (1, 3), 74733: (1, 1), 74747: (1, 0), 74761: (0, 127), 74775: (0, 2), 74789: (1, 127), 74803: (1, 127), 74817: (1, 127), 74831: (0, 3), 74845: (1, 0), 74859: (1, 127), 74873: (1, 126), 74887: (255, 2), 74901: (0, 0), 74915: (0, 127), 74929: (0, 127), 74943: (255, 3), 74957: (255, 127), 74971: (0, 127), 74985: (0, 127), 74999: (0, 4), 75013: (0, 127), 75027: (255, 0), 75041: (0, 0), 75055: (0, 4), 75069: (0, 1), 75083: (0, 0), 75097: (0, 0), 75111: (0, 5), 75125: (0, 0), 75139: (255, 127), 75153: (255, 0), 75167: (0, 5), 75181: (0, 1), 75195: (0, 0), 75209: (255, 127), 75223: (0, 5), 75237: (0, 1), 75251: (0, 1), 75265: (0, 1), 75279: (255, 4), 75293: (0, 0), 75307: (0, 0), 75321: (0, 0), 75335: (255, 4), 75349: (255, 0), 75363: (255, 127), 75377: (255, 127), 75391: (0, 4), 75405: (0, 0), 75419: (255, 127), 75433: (0, 127), 75447: (0, 3), 75461: (255, 0), 75475: (255, 127), 75489: (255, 127), 75503: (0, 4), 75517: (0, 1), 75531: (0, 0), 75545: (0, 127), 75559: (0, 2), 75573: (1, 3), 75587: (1, 1), 75601: (1, 0), 75615: (0, 1), 75629: (1, 2), 75643: (0, 126), 75657: (0, 127), 75671: (0, 127), 75685: (0, 4), 75699: (0, 1), 75713: (0, 0), 75727: (0, 0), 75741: (0, 3), 75755: (0, 0), 75769: (1, 0), 75783: (0, 127), 75797: (0, 127), 75811: (0, 4), 75825: (0, 0), 75839: (0, 0), 75853: (0, 0), 75867: (255, 5), 75881: (255, 0), 75895: (255, 0), 75909: (0, 0), 75923: (0, 5), 75937: (0, 1), 75951: (255, 0), 75965: (255, 0), 75979: (0, 4), 75993: (1, 0), 76007: (1, 127), 76021: (0, 126), 76035: (0, 2), 76049: (0, 126), 76063: (0, 125), 76077: (0, 126), 76091: (0, 2), 76105: (1, 0), 76119: (0, 127), 76133: (0, 127), 76147: (255, 1), 76161: (0, 0), 76175: (1, 0), 76189: (0, 127), 76203: (0, 2), 76217: (255, 0), 76231: (255, 127), 76245: (0, 127), 76259: (1, 2), 76273: (1, 0), 76287: (0, 127), 76301: (1, 0), 76315: (0, 2), 76329: (1, 0), 76343: (1, 127), 76357: (2, 0), 76371: (1, 3), 76385: (1, 1), 76399: (0, 0), 76413: (0, 127), 76427: (1, 3), 76441: (1, 1), 76455: (0, 0), 76469: (0, 126), 76483: (0, 4), 76497: (0, 127), 76511: (0, 127), 76525: (0, 127), 76539: (0, 3), 76553: (255, 127), 76567: (255, 127), 76581: (0, 0), 76595: (0, 1), 76609: (0, 127), 76623: (255, 127), 76637: (255, 3), 76651: (0, 0), 76665: (0, 127), 76679: (255, 126), 76693: (0, 4), 76707: (0, 0), 76721: (0, 127), 76735: (255, 126), 76749: (0, 4), 76763: (0, 127), 76777: (0, 1), 76791: (0, 0), 76805: (255, 4), 76819: (255, 0), 76833: (255, 0), 76847: (0, 0), 76861: (0, 4), 76875: (0, 0), 76889: (0, 0), 76903: (0, 0), 76917: (0, 3), 76931: (0, 1), 76945: (0, 0), 76959: (0, 127), 76973: (0, 2), 76987: (0, 2), 77001: (255, 0), 77015: (0, 0), 77029: (0, 0), 77043: (0, 4), 77057: (0, 1), 77071: (255, 0), 77085: (255, 127), 77099: (0, 5), 77113: (0, 1), 77127: (0, 0), 77141: (255, 0), 77155: (255, 3), 77169: (0, 1), 77183: (0, 0), 77197: (0, 127), 77211: (0, 3), 77225: (255, 1), 77239: (255, 0), 77253: (0, 0), 77267: (0, 3), 77281: (0, 1), 77295: (0, 0), 77309: (0, 127), 77323: (0, 2), 77337: (1, 126), 77351: (0, 125), 77365: (1, 125), 77379: (2, 0), 77393: (1, 123), 77407: (1, 122), 77421: (0, 123), 77435: (1, 2), 77449: (1, 127), 77463: (1, 127), 77477: (0, 126), 77491: (0, 1), 77505: (1, 127), 77519: (2, 127), 77533: (2, 1), 77547: (1, 1), 77561: (1, 127), 77575: (1, 127), 77589: (1, 2), 77603: (0, 0), 77617: (0, 127), 77631: (0, 127), 77645: (1, 3), 77659: (0, 127), 77673: (0, 126), 77687: (0, 126), 77701: (1, 4), 77715: (1, 126), 77729: (0, 125), 77743: (0, 125), 77757: (1, 1), 77771: (0, 126), 77785: (0, 126), 77799: (1, 0), 77813: (1, 0), 77827: (255, 126), 77841: (0, 126), 77855: (1, 3), 77869: (0, 0), 77883: (0, 127), 77897: (0, 127), 77911: (1, 4), 77925: (1, 0), 77939: (0, 127), 77953: (0, 127), 77967: (1, 4), 77981: (0, 0), 77995: (0, 127), 78009: (0, 127), 78023: (1, 3), 78037: (0, 0), 78051: (0, 0), 78065: (0, 1), 78079: (0, 0), 78093: (0, 126), 78107: (1, 0), 78121: (1, 3), 78135: (0, 1), 78149: (0, 0), 78163: (0, 0), 78177: (0, 4), 78191: (1, 1), 78205: (1, 1), 78219: (0, 0), 78233: (0, 5), 78247: (0, 1), 78261: (0, 127), 78275: (255, 0), 78289: (0, 4), 78303: (0, 1), 78317: (255, 127), 78331: (255, 127), 78345: (255, 3), 78359: (0, 127), 78373: (0, 127), 78387: (0, 127), 78401: (0, 2), 78415: (255, 126), 78429: (255, 126), 78443: (0, 1), 78457: (0, 0), 78471: (255, 127), 78485: (254, 126), 78499: (0, 3), 78513: (1, 127), 78527: (0, 127), 78541: (0, 126), 78555: (0, 5), 78569: (1, 1), 78583: (0, 127), 78597: (255, 127), 78611: (0, 5), 78625: (0, 0), 78639: (0, 0), 78653: (0, 0), 78667: (0, 3), 78681: (0, 0), 78695: (0, 0), 78709: (0, 0), 78723: (0, 4), 78737: (255, 127), 78751: (255, 0), 78765: (255, 0), 78779: (0, 3), 78793: (0, 0), 78807: (255, 127), 78821: (255, 0), 78835: (0, 3), 78849: (0, 0), 78863: (0, 0), 78877: (0, 127), 78891: (0, 2), 78905: (0, 0), 78919: (0, 127), 78933: (255, 0), 78947: (255, 1), 78961: (0, 127), 78975: (0, 127), 78989: (0, 1), 79003: (255, 0), 79017: (255, 127), 79031: (255, 127), 79045: (0, 1), 79059: (0, 0), 79073: (0, 0), 79087: (0, 127), 79101: (0, 0), 79115: (1, 2), 79129: (1, 1), 79143: (0, 127), 79157: (0, 2), 79171: (0, 1), 79185: (0, 127), 79199: (0, 127), 79213: (0, 1), 79227: (0, 2), 79241: (0, 1), 79255: (0, 0), 79269: (0, 1), 79283: (1, 1), 79297: (1, 127), 79311: (2, 0), 79325: (1, 126), 79339: (1, 2), 79353: (1, 0), 79367: (1, 0), 79381: (1, 127), 79395: (1, 3), 79409: (0, 127), 79423: (0, 127), 79437: (0, 127), 79451: (0, 3), 79465: (0, 0), 79479: (0, 127), 79493: (0, 0), 79507: (1, 2), 79521: (0, 127), 79535: (255, 126), 79549: (0, 1), 79563: (1, 1), 79577: (0, 127), 79591: (255, 127), 79605: (255, 2), 79619: (0, 0), 79633: (1, 127), 79647: (1, 127), 79661: (0, 2), 79675: (0, 126), 79689: (255, 126), 79703: (0, 126), 79717: (1, 3), 79731: (0, 127), 79745: (255, 126), 79759: (255, 127), 79773: (0, 4), 79787: (1, 0), 79801: (0, 127), 79815: (0, 127), 79829: (1, 3), 79843: (0, 0), 79857: (0, 127), 79871: (0, 0), 79885: (0, 0), 79899: (0, 127), 79913: (0, 127), 79927: (0, 1), 79941: (255, 1), 79955: (255, 127), 79969: (0, 127), 79983: (0, 127), 79997: (0, 2), 80011: (255, 127), 80025: (254, 126), 80039: (255, 126), 80053: (0, 0), 80067: (0, 0), 80081: (255, 127), 80095: (255, 127), 80109: (255, 126), 80123: (255, 126), 80137: (0, 2), 80151: (0, 127), 80165: (0, 127), 80179: (0, 127), 80193: (0, 127), 80207: (0, 3), 80221: (0, 0), 80235: (0, 0), 80249: (0, 127), 80263: (0, 1), 80277: (255, 1), 80291: (0, 0), 80305: (1, 0), 80319: (1, 0), 80333: (0, 3), 80347: (0, 126), 80361: (0, 126), 80375: (0, 126), 80389: (1, 0), 80403: (0, 0), 80417: (0, 127), 80431: (0, 127), 80445: (0, 0), 80459: (0, 3), 80473: (0, 127), 80487: (0, 127), 80501: (0, 127), 80515: (0, 2), 80529: (0, 0), 80543: (0, 0), 80557: (1, 0), 80571: (2, 0), 80585: (2, 3), 80599: (1, 126), 80613: (1, 125), 80627: (1, 126), 80641: (2, 2), 80655: (2, 127), 80669: (1, 126), 80683: (0, 126), 80697: (0, 0), 80711: (1, 1), 80725: (1, 127), 80739: (0, 126), 80753: (0, 126), 80767: (0, 1), 80781: (0, 126), 80795: (0, 125), 80809: (0, 125), 80823: (1, 1), 80837: (0, 126), 80851: (0, 125), 80865: (255, 125), 80879: (0, 0), 80893: (0, 126), 80907: (0, 126), 80921: (0, 126), 80935: (0, 0), 80949: (255, 126), 80963: (0, 126), 80977: (0, 127), 80991: (0, 1), 81005: (0, 126), 81019: (255, 126), 81033: (255, 126), 81047: (0, 2), 81061: (0, 127), 81075: (0, 126), 81089: (0, 127), 81103: (0, 3), 81117: (0, 0), 81131: (255, 126), 81145: (255, 127), 81159: (0, 1), 81173: (0, 1), 81187: (255, 127), 81201: (0, 0), 81215: (0, 127), 81229: (0, 3), 81243: (0, 0), 81257: (1, 0), 81271: (1, 126), 81285: (0, 1), 81299: (1, 0), 81313: (1, 127), 81327: (1, 127), 81341: (0, 127), 81355: (0, 2), 81369: (0, 0), 81383: (0, 0), 81397: (0, 127), 81411: (0, 3), 81425: (0, 0), 81439: (0, 0), 81453: (0, 127), 81467: (0, 0), 81481: (0, 0), 81495: (0, 127), 81509: (1, 126), 81523: (1, 125), 81537: (0, 2), 81551: (0, 127), 81565: (0, 126), 81579: (0, 126), 81593: (0, 2), 81607: (0, 127), 81621: (0, 126), 81635: (0, 126), 81649: (0, 2), 81663: (1, 0), 81677: (0, 127), 81691: (0, 127), 81705: (255, 1), 81719: (0, 0), 81733: (0, 127), 81747: (255, 126), 81761: (255, 126), 81775: (0, 2), 81789: (255, 127), 81803: (0, 127), 81817: (1, 127), 81831: (1, 3), 81845: (1, 0), 81859: (1, 127), 81873: (255, 127), 81887: (0, 1), 81901: (0, 1), 81915: (0, 127), 81929: (0, 127), 81943: (0, 127), 81957: (0, 2), 81971: (0, 1), 81985: (1, 0), 81999: (0, 127), 82013: (0, 3), 82027: (0, 0), 82041: (0, 127), 82055: (0, 0), 82069: (0, 1), 82083: (0, 1), 82097: (0, 0), 82111: (0, 0), 82125: (0, 0), 82139: (0, 2), 82153: (0, 127), 82167: (0, 0), 82181: (0, 0), 82195: (0, 3), 82209: (0, 0), 82223: (0, 127), 82237: (0, 127), 82251: (0, 0), 82265: (0, 0), 82279: (255, 127), 82293: (255, 127), 82307: (0, 127), 82321: (0, 2), 82335: (255, 127), 82349: (0, 127), 82363: (1, 0), 82377: (1, 5), 82391: (1, 0), 82405: (1, 126), 82419: (1, 127), 82433: (1, 3), 82447: (2, 0), 82461: (2, 126), 82475: (2, 127), 82489: (0, 3), 82503: (2, 127), 82517: (2, 127), 82531: (1, 127), 82545: (0, 3), 82559: (0, 127), 82573: (1, 0), 82587: (0, 0), 82601: (0, 4), 82615: (0, 0), 82629: (1, 0), 82643: (0, 0), 82657: (0, 3), 82671: (0, 0), 82685: (0, 0), 82699: (0, 127), 82713: (0, 3), 82727: (0, 0), 82741: (0, 127), 82755: (255, 127), 82769: (0, 2), 82783: (0, 127), 82797: (0, 127), 82811: (255, 127), 82825: (0, 1), 82839: (0, 127), 82853: (0, 127), 82867: (255, 127), 82881: (255, 0), 82895: (255, 126), 82909: (0, 127), 82923: (0, 1), 82937: (255, 0), 82951: (0, 127), 82965: (0, 127), 82979: (0, 2), 82993: (0, 0), 83007: (255, 127), 83021: (255, 126), 83035: (0, 2), 83049: (0, 0), 83063: (0, 127), 83077: (255, 127), 83091: (0, 2), 83105: (1, 1), 83119: (255, 127), 83133: (255, 0), 83147: (255, 1), 83161: (0, 2), 83175: (0, 0), 83189: (0, 127), 83203: (0, 0), 83217: (0, 3), 83231: (0, 1), 83245: (1, 0), 83259: (1, 127), 83273: (2, 4), 83287: (1, 1), 83301: (1, 0), 83315: (1, 0), 83329: (1, 4), 83343: (0, 127), 83357: (0, 127), 83371: (0, 127), 83385: (0, 2), 83399: (255, 1), 83413: (0, 0), 83427: (0, 127), 83441: (1, 3), 83455: (0, 1), 83469: (255, 127), 83483: (255, 127), 83497: (0, 2), 83511: (1, 0), 83525: (0, 127), 83539: (255, 126), 83553: (255, 0), 83567: (0, 126), 83581: (0, 125), 83595: (0, 125), 83609: (255, 127), 83623: (0, 0), 83637: (0, 127), 83651: (255, 127), 83665: (255, 1), 83679: (0, 0), 83693: (0, 127), 83707: (0, 127), 83721: (255, 126), 83735: (255, 1), 83749: (254, 126), 83763: (255, 126), 83777: (0, 127), 83791: (0, 3), 83805: (255, 127), 83819: (255, 126), 83833: (255, 126), 83847: (0, 127), 83861: (0, 3), 83875: (0, 126), 83889: (0, 126), 83903: (1, 126), 83917: (1, 127), 83931: (1, 3), 83945: (2, 1), 83959: (1, 0), 83973: (1, 127), 83987: (0, 0), 84001: (0, 1), 84015: (0, 127), 84029: (0, 127), 84043: (1, 0), 84057: (0, 2), 84071: (255, 1), 84085: (255, 0), 84099: (0, 0), 84113: (1, 0), 84127: (0, 4), 84141: (0, 0), 84155: (255, 127), 84169: (0, 0), 84183: (1, 1), 84197: (0, 1), 84211: (0, 0), 84225: (0, 0), 84239: (0, 127), 84253: (0, 3), 84267: (0, 0), 84281: (1, 0), 84295: (1, 0), 84309: (0, 2), 84323: (0, 0), 84337: (0, 127), 84351: (0, 127), 84365: (1, 0), 84379: (1, 2), 84393: (1, 127), 84407: (0, 0), 84421: (1, 0), 84435: (1, 3), 84449: (2, 1), 84463: (1, 0), 84477: (0, 127), 84491: (1, 4), 84505: (0, 0), 84519: (0, 0), 84533: (0, 127), 84547: (0, 3), 84561: (0, 1), 84575: (0, 127), 84589: (0, 127), 84603: (0, 1), 84617: (1, 1), 84631: (0, 0), 84645: (0, 127), 84659: (0, 1), 84673: (0, 0), 84687: (1, 1), 84701: (1, 127), 84715: (1, 0), 84729: (1, 0), 84743: (0, 127), 84757: (1, 127), 84771: (1, 127), 84785: (1, 1), 84799: (1, 126), 84813: (255, 125), 84827: (255, 127), 84841: (0, 3), 84855: (1, 0), 84869: (1, 127), 84883: (0, 126), 84897: (1, 2), 84911: (1, 127), 84925: (2, 126), 84939: (1, 126), 84953: (1, 3), 84967: (2, 127), 84981: (1, 127), 84995: (0, 126), 85009: (0, 2), 85023: (1, 0), 85037: (1, 127), 85051: (0, 0), 85065: (0, 2), 85079: (0, 0), 85093: (0, 127), 85107: (0, 127), 85121: (1, 3), 85135: (0, 0), 85149: (0, 127), 85163: (0, 127), 85177: (0, 1), 85191: (1, 0), 85205: (1, 127), 85219: (0, 127), 85233: (1, 2), 85247: (1, 1), 85261: (0, 126), 85275: (0, 125), 85289: (1, 126), 85303: (1, 2), 85317: (1, 127), 85331: (255, 127), 85345: (255, 127), 85359: (0, 3), 85373: (1, 0), 85387: (0, 0), 85401: (0, 127), 85415: (0, 4), 85429: (0, 0), 85443: (0, 0), 85457: (0, 0), 85471: (0, 3), 85485: (0, 1), 85499: (0, 0), 85513: (0, 0), 85527: (0, 3), 85541: (0, 0), 85555: (0, 0), 85569: (0, 0), 85583: (0, 1), 85597: (1, 0), 85611: (1, 127), 85625: (0, 125), 85639: (0, 125), 85653: (0, 3), 85667: (0, 127), 85681: (0, 127), 85695: (0, 127), 85709: (1, 1), 85723: (1, 127), 85737: (0, 126), 85751: (0, 127), 85765: (1, 2), 85779: (1, 2), 85793: (0, 127), 85807: (0, 127), 85821: (0, 127), 85835: (0, 2), 85849: (0, 0), 85863: (0, 127), 85877: (255, 127), 85891: (0, 3), 85905: (0, 0), 85919: (1, 0), 85933: (0, 0), 85947: (0, 4), 85961: (0, 1), 85975: (0, 0), 85989: (0, 0), 86003: (0, 4), 86017: (255, 1), 86031: (0, 0), 86045: (0, 0), 86059: (0, 3), 86073: (255, 1), 86087: (255, 0), 86101: (0, 1), 86115: (0, 2), 86129: (0, 2), 86143: (0, 127), 86157: (0, 0), 86171: (0, 127), 86185: (0, 3), 86199: (0, 0), 86213: (0, 0), 86227: (0, 0), 86241: (0, 4), 86255: (0, 1), 86269: (0, 0), 86283: (0, 0), 86297: (0, 4), 86311: (0, 1), 86325: (0, 127), 86339: (255, 127), 86353: (0, 3), 86367: (0, 0), 86381: (0, 127), 86395: (255, 126), 86409: (0, 1), 86423: (0, 127), 86437: (0, 127), 86451: (1, 127), 86465: (0, 2), 86479: (0, 0), 86493: (255, 127), 86507: (0, 127), 86521: (0, 0), 86535: (0, 1), 86549: (0, 0), 86563: (0, 127), 86577: (0, 1), 86591: (0, 2), 86605: (0, 127), 86619: (2, 127), 86633: (2, 0), 86647: (2, 3), 86661: (1, 0), 86675: (1, 126), 86689: (1, 126), 86703: (3, 2), 86717: (2, 0), 86731: (0, 127), 86745: (0, 126), 86759: (255, 4), 86773: (0, 0), 86787: (0, 127), 86801: (0, 127), 86815: (0, 4), 86829: (0, 0), 86843: (0, 0), 86857: (255, 127), 86871: (255, 2), 86885: (1, 2), 86899: (2, 1), 86913: (1, 0), 86927: (0, 0), 86941: (1, 0), 86955: (2, 1), 86969: (2, 0), 86983: (1, 127), 86997: (1, 2), 87011: (1, 127), 87025: (0, 127), 87039: (0, 127), 87053: (0, 3), 87067: (0, 127), 87081: (1, 0), 87095: (0, 127), 87109: (0, 3), 87123: (0, 0), 87137: (0, 0), 87151: (0, 127), 87165: (1, 4), 87179: (0, 0), 87193: (255, 127), 87207: (255, 127), 87221: (0, 3), 87235: (0, 0), 87249: (0, 0), 87263: (0, 127), 87277: (0, 3), 87291: (0, 0), 87305: (0, 127), 87319: (0, 126), 87333: (0, 2), 87347: (0, 127), 87361: (0, 127), 87375: (0, 127), 87389: (0, 2), 87403: (0, 1), 87417: (0, 0), 87431: (0, 0), 87445: (0, 2), 87459: (255, 1), 87473: (255, 127), 87487: (0, 127), 87501: (0, 127), 87515: (0, 4), 87529: (255, 0), 87543: (255, 127), 87557: (255, 127), 87571: (0, 1), 87585: (0, 2), 87599: (255, 0), 87613: (255, 0), 87627: (0, 0), 87641: (0, 2), 87655: (0, 1), 87669: (255, 0), 87683: (0, 0), 87697: (0, 0), 87711: (0, 3), 87725: (0, 0), 87739: (0, 127), 87753: (0, 127), 87767: (0, 127), 87781: (0, 4), 87795: (0, 0), 87809: (0, 127), 87823: (1, 127), 87837: (1, 127), 87851: (0, 2), 87865: (255, 126), 87879: (255, 126), 87893: (0, 126), 87907: (0, 0), 87921: (0, 0), 87935: (255, 126), 87949: (255, 126), 87963: (0, 126), 87977: (0, 4), 87991: (0, 1), 88005: (0, 0), 88019: (1, 127), 88033: (0, 126), 88047: (1, 1), 88061: (1, 127), 88075: (1, 127), 88089: (2, 0), 88103: (1, 2), 88117: (0, 0), 88131: (0, 127), 88145: (0, 0), 88159: (0, 127), 88173: (1, 4), 88187: (0, 0), 88201: (255, 127), 88215: (0, 127), 88229: (0, 1), 88243: (1, 2), 88257: (0, 0), 88271: (0, 0), 88285: (0, 0), 88299: (0, 4), 88313: (1, 1), 88327: (1, 0), 88341: (0, 0), 88355: (0, 1), 88369: (1, 1), 88383: (0, 127), 88397: (0, 127), 88411: (0, 126), 88425: (1, 4), 88439: (0, 0), 88453: (255, 127), 88467: (255, 126), 88481: (0, 3), 88495: (0, 0), 88509: (0, 127), 88523: (255, 126), 88537: (254, 1), 88551: (255, 0), 88565: (0, 127), 88579: (0, 127), 88593: (0, 0), 88607: (0, 2), 88621: (0, 127), 88635: (0, 127), 88649: (1, 0), 88663: (1, 2), 88677: (1, 1), 88691: (1, 0), 88705: (0, 0), 88719: (255, 3), 88733: (255, 0), 88747: (0, 127), 88761: (1, 0), 88775: (1, 4), 88789: (0, 0), 88803: (255, 127), 88817: (0, 0), 88831: (0, 3), 88845: (1, 1), 88859: (1, 1), 88873: (255, 0), 88887: (255, 1), 88901: (0, 2), 88915: (1, 1), 88929: (0, 0), 88943: (255, 0), 88957: (0, 4), 88971: (255, 1), 88985: (0, 0), 88999: (0, 0), 89013: (0, 4), 89027: (1, 2), 89041: (0, 0), 89055: (255, 0), 89069: (255, 3), 89083: (0, 2), 89097: (0, 0), 89111: (1, 0), 89125: (0, 1), 89139: (255, 2), 89153: (0, 0), 89167: (0, 0), 89181: (0, 0), 89195: (0, 3), 89209: (254, 127), 89223: (255, 127), 89237: (0, 127), 89251: (0, 3), 89265: (255, 127), 89279: (255, 127), 89293: (0, 127), 89307: (0, 4), 89321: (255, 127), 89335: (255, 127), 89349: (255, 127), 89363: (255, 3), 89377: (0, 127), 89391: (255, 127), 89405: (0, 126), 89419: (0, 1), 89433: (0, 127), 89447: (255, 126), 89461: (255, 127), 89475: (255, 126), 89489: (0, 3), 89503: (0, 0), 89517: (255, 127), 89531: (255, 127), 89545: (255, 0), 89559: (0, 2), 89573: (0, 1), 89587: (0, 0), 89601: (255, 0), 89615: (0, 3), 89629: (0, 0), 89643: (0, 0), 89657: (0, 127), 89671: (0, 0), 89685: (0, 3), 89699: (0, 0), 89713: (0, 0), 89727: (0, 127), 89741: (255, 2), 89755: (0, 0), 89769: (0, 0), 89783: (0, 0), 89797: (255, 127), 89811: (0, 3), 89825: (2, 1), 89839: (2, 127), 89853: (1, 127), 89867: (1, 0), 89881: (2, 1), 89895: (2, 126), 89909: (3, 127), 89923: (2, 127), 89937: (1, 2), 89951: (1, 0), 89965: (1, 127), 89979: (1, 127), 89993: (1, 3), 90007: (1, 0), 90021: (2, 0), 90035: (1, 0), 90049: (1, 3), 90063: (1, 1), 90077: (1, 0), 90091: (1, 0), 90105: (2, 3), 90119: (1, 1), 90133: (1, 0), 90147: (1, 0), 90161: (1, 2), 90175: (1, 1), 90189: (1, 0), 90203: (0, 127), 90217: (0, 1), 90231: (1, 0), 90245: (1, 127), 90259: (1, 127), 90273: (0, 127), 90287: (1, 1), 90301: (0, 127), 90315: (0, 127), 90329: (0, 127), 90343: (0, 1), 90357: (1, 127), 90371: (0, 127), 90385: (0, 127), 90399: (0, 2), 90413: (0, 127), 90427: (1, 127), 90441: (1, 126), 90455: (1, 1), 90469: (1, 127), 90483: (1, 127), 90497: (1, 127), 90511: (1, 4), 90525: (1, 0), 90539: (1, 127), 90553: (0, 127), 90567: (0, 3), 90581: (1, 1), 90595: (0, 0), 90609: (1, 127), 90623: (1, 2), 90637: (1, 1), 90651: (0, 0), 90665: (0, 127), 90679: (0, 127), 90693: (1, 2), 90707: (1, 127), 90721: (0, 126), 90735: (0, 125), 90749: (0, 2), 90763: (2, 0), 90777: (2, 127), 90791: (2, 126), 90805: (1, 2), 90819: (1, 126), 90833: (2, 126), 90847: (2, 125), 90861: (1, 1), 90875: (1, 0), 90889: (0, 127), 90903: (1, 127), 90917: (1, 3), 90931: (0, 0), 90945: (0, 126), 90959: (1, 127), 90973: (1, 3), 90987: (1, 0), 91001: (0, 127), 91015: (0, 127), 91029: (1, 4), 91043: (1, 0), 91057: (1, 0), 91071: (0, 127), 91085: (0, 3), 91099: (1, 0), 91113: (1, 127), 91127: (1, 1), 91141: (0, 1), 91155: (0, 127), 91169: (0, 0), 91183: (1, 3), 91197: (0, 0), 91211: (255, 127), 91225: (0, 0), 91239: (0, 5), 91253: (0, 0), 91267: (0, 127), 91281: (0, 127), 91295: (1, 3), 91309: (0, 0), 91323: (255, 127), 91337: (0, 2), 91351: (0, 1), 91365: (1, 0), 91379: (0, 127), 91393: (255, 3), 91407: (255, 127), 91421: (255, 127), 91435: (0, 127), 91449: (1, 2), 91463: (255, 127), 91477: (0, 127), 91491: (0, 3), 91505: (0, 0), 91519: (0, 127), 91533: (0, 127), 91547: (0, 4), 91561: (0, 0), 91575: (255, 127), 91589: (0, 127), 91603: (0, 4), 91617: (0, 0), 91631: (0, 0), 91645: (0, 127), 91659: (255, 5), 91673: (255, 0), 91687: (0, 1), 91701: (1, 1), 91715: (1, 5), 91729: (0, 0), 91743: (255, 0), 91757: (0, 127), 91771: (1, 5), 91785: (1, 1), 91799: (1, 127), 91813: (0, 0), 91827: (0, 4), 91841: (0, 127), 91855: (0, 127), 91869: (0, 127), 91883: (0, 5), 91897: (1, 1), 91911: (0, 0), 91925: (255, 127), 91939: (0, 4), 91953: (0, 1), 91967: (1, 0), 91981: (0, 0), 91995: (255, 4), 92009: (0, 0), 92023: (0, 0), 92037: (1, 1), 92051: (0, 3), 92065: (255, 1), 92079: (255, 127), 92093: (0, 2), 92107: (0, 2), 92121: (0, 0), 92135: (0, 0), 92149: (0, 4), 92163: (0, 1), 92177: (0, 0), 92191: (255, 127), 92205: (0, 4), 92219: (0, 0), 92233: (0, 0), 92247: (0, 127), 92261: (0, 2), 92275: (255, 127), 92289: (0, 127), 92303: (0, 2), 92317: (1, 1), 92331: (0, 126), 92345: (0, 126), 92359: (1, 3), 92373: (2, 2), 92387: (1, 0), 92401: (1, 127), 92415: (0, 3), 92429: (0, 0), 92443: (0, 0), 92457: (0, 127), 92471: (0, 4), 92485: (0, 1), 92499: (0, 0), 92513: (0, 127), 92527: (0, 4), 92541: (255, 0), 92555: (0, 127), 92569: (1, 0), 92583: (1, 4), 92597: (0, 0), 92611: (255, 0), 92625: (0, 0), 92639: (1, 3), 92653: (0, 0), 92667: (255, 0), 92681: (255, 1), 92695: (0, 2), 92709: (1, 0), 92723: (0, 127), 92737: (0, 2), 92751: (0, 1), 92765: (0, 127), 92779: (0, 127), 92793: (0, 4), 92807: (0, 0), 92821: (0, 0), 92835: (0, 0), 92849: (255, 4), 92863: (255, 0), 92877: (0, 0), 92891: (0, 0), 92905: (0, 5), 92919: (0, 1), 92933: (0, 0), 92947: (0, 0), 92961: (1, 4), 92975: (0, 0), 92989: (0, 0), 93003: (255, 1), 93017: (0, 2), 93031: (0, 1), 93045: (0, 0), 93059: (0, 2), 93073: (255, 2), 93087: (0, 127), 93101: (1, 0), 93115: (1, 4), 93129: (1, 1), 93143: (0, 127), 93157: (0, 127), 93171: (1, 4), 93185: (1, 0), 93199: (0, 127), 93213: (0, 127), 93227: (1, 3), 93241: (0, 127), 93255: (0, 126), 93269: (0, 1), 93283: (0, 0), 93297: (1, 127), 93311: (1, 127), 93325: (0, 3), 93339: (255, 127), 93353: (0, 126), 93367: (1, 127), 93381: (1, 3), 93395: (0, 127), 93409: (255, 126), 93423: (0, 0), 93437: (1, 0), 93451: (1, 126), 93465: (0, 125), 93479: (0, 0), 93493: (0, 0), 93507: (0, 126), 93521: (1, 127), 93535: (0, 0), 93549: (0, 1), 93563: (1, 0), 93577: (0, 127), 93591: (1, 127), 93605: (1, 3), 93619: (2, 126), 93633: (2, 127), 93647: (2, 0), 93661: (1, 4), 93675: (0, 127), 93689: (0, 127), 93703: (0, 126), 93717: (0, 3), 93731: (0, 127), 93745: (0, 127), 93759: (0, 126), 93773: (1, 1), 93787: (0, 0), 93801: (0, 127), 93815: (0, 127), 93829: (0, 1), 93843: (0, 0), 93857: (255, 126), 93871: (255, 125), 93885: (0, 0), 93899: (1, 0), 93913: (0, 127), 93927: (0, 125), 93941: (0, 1), 93955: (0, 0), 93969: (1, 126), 93983: (0, 126), 93997: (0, 2), 94011: (255, 126), 94025: (255, 125), 94039: (0, 125), 94053: (1, 3), 94067: (255, 126), 94081: (255, 126), 94095: (255, 126), 94109: (0, 3), 94123: (0, 127), 94137: (0, 127), 94151: (0, 127), 94165: (1, 5), 94179: (0, 127), 94193: (255, 127), 94207: (255, 127), 94221: (255, 4), 94235: (1, 0), 94249: (0, 0), 94263: (255, 127), 94277: (255, 2), 94291: (1, 1), 3: (5, 124), 17: (251, 119), 31: (251, 121), 45: (251, 119), 59: (251, 118), 73: (12, 11), 87: (251, 120), 101: (2, 124), 115: (243, 116), 129: (251, 118), 143: (251, 118), 157: (251, 119), 171: (251, 118), 185: (251, 119), 199: (251, 120), 213: (250, 119), 227: (253, 120), 241: (251, 122), 255: (252, 120), 269: (253, 119), 283: (255, 127), 297: (251, 119), 311: (252, 119), 325: (252, 119), 339: (251, 119), 353: (2, 117), 367: (251, 119), 381: (252, 119), 395: (251, 120), 409: (251, 120), 423: (252, 120), 437: (250, 120), 451: (251, 121), 465: (252, 122), 479: (251, 120), 493: (250, 119), 507: (12, 11), 521: (252, 118), 535: (11, 10), 549: (250, 123), 563: (249, 120), 577: (250, 121), 591: (11, 13), 605: (250, 120), 619: (250, 123), 633: (0, 13), 647: (251, 120), 661: (251, 120), 675: (251, 120), 689: (250, 118), 703: (248, 122), 717: (252, 121), 731: (251, 119), 745: (252, 121), 759: (251, 121), 773: (0, 127), 787: (0, 126), 801: (0, 126), 815: (4, 126), 829: (1, 126), 843: (0, 1), 857: (2, 126), 871: (1, 126), 885: (0, 125), 899: (1, 125), 913: (1, 1), 927: (2, 127), 941: (1, 126), 955: (1, 126), 969: (1, 126), 983: (1, 2), 997: (1, 127), 1011: (2, 126), 1025: (1, 126), 1039: (0, 125), 1053: (1, 1), 1067: (2, 127), 1081: (1, 126), 1095: (1, 126), 1109: (1, 125), 1123: (1, 126), 1137: (1, 0), 1151: (1, 126), 1165: (1, 125), 1179: (1, 126), 1193: (1, 0), 1207: (2, 0), 1221: (1, 127), 1235: (1, 127), 1249: (1, 126), 1263: (2, 2), 1277: (1, 0), 1291: (0, 126), 1305: (1, 127), 1319: (2, 127), 1333: (1, 3), 1347: (1, 127), 1361: (2, 127), 1375: (1, 126), 1389: (1, 3), 1403: (3, 127), 1417: (2, 126), 1431: (1, 126), 1445: (1, 125), 1459: (3, 1), 1473: (2, 127), 1487: (1, 125), 1501: (1, 125), 1515: (2, 2), 1529: (2, 126), 1543: (2, 125), 1557: (2, 125), 1571: (2, 127), 1585: (1, 0), 1599: (1, 126), 1613: (2, 126), 1627: (1, 126), 1641: (0, 1), 1655: (2, 127), 1669: (3, 127), 1683: (1, 126), 1697: (0, 127), 1711: (1, 0), 1725: (2, 127), 1739: (2, 126), 1753: (1, 127), 1767: (1, 1), 1781: (1, 127), 1795: (1, 0), 1809: (1, 127), 1823: (1, 3), 1837: (1, 0), 1851: (1, 127), 1865: (1, 127), 1879: (1, 2), 1893: (1, 0), 1907: (2, 127), 1921: (2, 127), 1935: (1, 0), 1949: (1, 1), 1963: (1, 127), 1977: (1, 127), 1991: (1, 127), 2005: (2, 4), 2019: (1, 0), 2033: (0, 127), 2047: (0, 127), 2061: (1, 4), 2075: (1, 0), 2089: (0, 127), 2103: (1, 127), 2117: (2, 2), 2131: (1, 0), 2145: (1, 0), 2159: (1, 0), 2173: (2, 127), 2187: (2, 4), 2201: (2, 0), 2215: (1, 127), 2229: (0, 126), 2243: (1, 1), 2257: (2, 127), 2271: (2, 127), 2285: (1, 127), 2299: (1, 0), 2313: (2, 1), 2327: (2, 0), 2341: (1, 127), 2355: (2, 126), 2369: (2, 3), 2383: (1, 0), 2397: (1, 127), 2411: (2, 127), 2425: (2, 127), 2439: (2, 1), 2453: (1, 0), 2467: (2, 127), 2481: (1, 126), 2495: (1, 2), 2509: (2, 127), 2523: (2, 126), 2537: (2, 126), 2551: (2, 127), 2565: (3, 127), 2579: (3, 126), 2593: (3, 126), 2607: (3, 126), 2621: (2, 1), 2635: (1, 127), 2649: (1, 126), 2663: (2, 127), 2677: (2, 3), 2691: (2, 127), 2705: (1, 127), 2719: (1, 127), 2733: (1, 2), 2747: (1, 127), 2761: (2, 127), 2775: (1, 127), 2789: (1, 127), 2803: (2, 1), 2817: (1, 127), 2831: (1, 127), 2845: (1, 127), 2859: (2, 2), 2873: (2, 127), 2887: (1, 126), 2901: (1, 126), 2915: (2, 127), 2929: (1, 1), 2943: (1, 126), 2957: (1, 126), 2971: (1, 126), 2985: (1, 3), 2999: (1, 0), 3013: (1, 127), 3027: (1, 127), 3041: (0, 3), 3055: (1, 127), 3069: (2, 126), 3083: (2, 125), 3097: (1, 0), 3111: (2, 127), 3125: (2, 126), 3139: (1, 125), 3153: (1, 1), 3167: (2, 127), 3181: (2, 127), 3195: (1, 126), 3209: (2, 127), 3223: (2, 1), 3237: (1, 126), 3251: (1, 126), 3265: (2, 127), 3279: (1, 2), 3293: (1, 127), 3307: (1, 127), 3321: (0, 127), 3335: (1, 3), 3349: (1, 0), 3363: (1, 127), 3377: (1, 126), 3391: (1, 4), 3405: (1, 127), 3419: (1, 126), 3433: (1, 125), 3447: (1, 1), 3461: (2, 127), 3475: (2, 126), 3489: (1, 126), 3503: (2, 1), 3517: (3, 1), 3531: (2, 127), 3545: (2, 127), 3559: (2, 0), 3573: (1, 1), 3587: (2, 127), 3601: (2, 126), 3615: (3, 127), 3629: (1, 2), 3643: (1, 127), 3657: (3, 0), 3671: (2, 126), 3685: (2, 0), 3699: (2, 0), 3713: (3, 127), 3727: (3, 127), 3741: (2, 127), 3755: (1, 0), 3769: (2, 126), 3783: (2, 126), 3797: (2, 126), 3811: (2, 1), 3825: (1, 126), 3839: (1, 125), 3853: (2, 126), 3867: (2, 3), 3881: (2, 127), 3895: (1, 126), 3909: (1, 127), 3923: (1, 2), 3937: (1, 127), 3951: (2, 127), 3965: (2, 126), 3979: (2, 127), 3993: (2, 2), 4007: (3, 0), 4021: (2, 127), 4035: (2, 127), 4049: (2, 2), 4063: (3, 127), 4077: (2, 127), 4091: (0, 126), 4105: (1, 3), 4119: (2, 0), 4133: (1, 127), 4147: (1, 127), 4161: (2, 3), 4175: (2, 127), 4189: (2, 126), 4203: (2, 126), 4217: (2, 127), 4231: (1, 0), 4245: (1, 126), 4259: (1, 127), 4273: (1, 126), 4287: (1, 2), 4301: (1, 127), 4315: (2, 127), 4329: (1, 127), 4343: (1, 1), 4357: (1, 0), 4371: (1, 127), 4385: (1, 126), 4399: (2, 126), 4413: (2, 2), 4427: (0, 126), 4441: (1, 126), 4455: (1, 126), 4469: (2, 2), 4483: (1, 127), 4497: (0, 126), 4511: (1, 125), 4525: (1, 1), 4539: (1, 127), 4553: (1, 126), 4567: (1, 126), 4581: (2, 127), 4595: (2, 1), 4609: (1, 127), 4623: (1, 127), 4637: (1, 126), 4651: (2, 126), 4665: (1, 125), 4679: (1, 126), 4693: (0, 1), 4707: (2, 127), 4721: (2, 126), 4735: (1, 126), 4749: (1, 127), 4763: (1, 126), 4777: (1, 2), 4791: (1, 127), 4805: (2, 127), 4819: (2, 127), 4833: (1, 125), 4847: (1, 127), 4861: (3, 0), 4875: (2, 126), 4889: (2, 125), 4903: (2, 125), 4917: (4, 126), 4931: (3, 1), 4945: (2, 125), 4959: (2, 126), 4973: (2, 125), 4987: (1, 0), 5001: (1, 127), 5015: (2, 126), 5029: (2, 126), 5043: (1, 126), 5057: (2, 2), 5071: (3, 127), 5085: (1, 126), 5099: (1, 125), 5113: (3, 127), 5127: (2, 1), 5141: (1, 126), 5155: (1, 126), 5169: (1, 126), 5183: (1, 2), 5197: (2, 127), 5211: (3, 127), 5225: (2, 125), 5239: (2, 125), 5253: (2, 0), 5267: (2, 126), 5281: (2, 126), 5295: (2, 126), 5309: (2, 2), 5323: (1, 127), 5337: (1, 127), 5351: (1, 126), 5365: (1, 127), 5379: (2, 0), 5393: (2, 126), 5407: (2, 125), 5421: (1, 125), 5435: (1, 1), 5449: (2, 126), 5463: (2, 125), 5477: (2, 124), 5491: (1, 124), 5505: (1, 127), 5519: (1, 126), 5533: (2, 126), 5547: (2, 127), 5561: (2, 1), 5575: (1, 0), 5589: (0, 126), 5603: (1, 127), 5617: (2, 127), 5631: (2, 2), 5645: (2, 126), 5659: (3, 126), 5673: (2, 124), 5687: (1, 126), 5701: (1, 127), 5715: (2, 127), 5729: (2, 126), 5743: (1, 126), 5757: (1, 2), 5771: (1, 127), 5785: (2, 127), 5799: (2, 126), 5813: (2, 0), 5827: (1, 127), 5841: (1, 126), 5855: (1, 126), 5869: (2, 126), 5883: (1, 2), 5897: (1, 126), 5911: (1, 126), 5925: (0, 126), 5939: (1, 0), 5953: (1, 0), 5967: (2, 127), 5981: (1, 127), 5995: (1, 127), 6009: (0, 3), 6023: (0, 127), 6037: (1, 127), 6051: (1, 127), 6065: (1, 0), 6079: (1, 1), 6093: (0, 127), 6107: (1, 127), 6121: (1, 127), 6135: (1, 4), 6149: (0, 0), 6163: (0, 127), 6177: (0, 127), 6191: (0, 3), 6205: (1, 0), 6219: (2, 0), 6233: (0, 126), 6247: (1, 127), 6261: (2, 0), 6275: (2, 125), 6289: (2, 125), 6303: (2, 126), 6317: (2, 3), 6331: (1, 127), 6345: (1, 127), 6359: (1, 127), 6373: (1, 1), 6387: (1, 0), 6401: (1, 127), 6415: (1, 127), 6429: (1, 126), 6443: (1, 3), 6457: (2, 127), 6471: (2, 126), 6485: (1, 126), 6499: (1, 2), 6513: (2, 127), 6527: (2, 126), 6541: (1, 126), 6555: (1, 127), 6569: (2, 1), 6583: (2, 0), 6597: (1, 127), 6611: (1, 126), 6625: (1, 3), 6639: (2, 127), 6653: (2, 127), 6667: (1, 127), 6681: (1, 3), 6695: (1, 126), 6709: (1, 126), 6723: (2, 126), 6737: (1, 1), 6751: (1, 127), 6765: (1, 127), 6779: (0, 126), 6793: (0, 126), 6807: (1, 3), 6821: (1, 127), 6835: (0, 126), 6849: (0, 126), 6863: (1, 127), 6877: (0, 2), 6891: (0, 127), 6905: (1, 126), 6919: (0, 126), 6933: (0, 127), 6947: (0, 3), 6961: (1, 0), 6975: (1, 127), 6989: (2, 0), 7003: (1, 127), 7017: (1, 3), 7031: (0, 127), 7045: (0, 127), 7059: (1, 127), 7073: (1, 2), 7087: (0, 0), 7101: (0, 127), 7115: (0, 127), 7129: (1, 127), 7143: (1, 3), 7157: (1, 0), 7171: (1, 127), 7185: (0, 127), 7199: (1, 3), 7213: (1, 0), 7227: (0, 127), 7241: (1, 127), 7255: (1, 127), 7269: (2, 4), 7283: (1, 0), 7297: (0, 127), 7311: (1, 127), 7325: (1, 3), 7339: (1, 0), 7353: (0, 127), 7367: (0, 0), 7381: (0, 1), 7395: (1, 1), 7409: (1, 127), 7423: (0, 127), 7437: (0, 127), 7451: (2, 3), 7465: (3, 127), 7479: (2, 127), 7493: (1, 126), 7507: (1, 3), 7521: (2, 0), 7535: (1, 127), 7549: (1, 127), 7563: (1, 0), 7577: (1, 1), 7591: (1, 0), 7605: (2, 126), 7619: (1, 126), 7633: (0, 0), 7647: (1, 126), 7661: (2, 126), 7675: (1, 126), 7689: (1, 1), 7703: (1, 126), 7717: (1, 126), 7731: (0, 126), 7745: (1, 2), 7759: (1, 126), 7773: (1, 126), 7787: (0, 126), 7801: (1, 2), 7815: (1, 127), 7829: (0, 126), 7843: (0, 126), 7857: (1, 3), 7871: (1, 127), 7885: (0, 126), 7899: (255, 126), 7913: (1, 3), 7927: (1, 127), 7941: (1, 0), 7955: (1, 127), 7969: (0, 1), 7983: (1, 1), 7997: (1, 0), 8011: (1, 0), 8025: (0, 127), 8039: (0, 4), 8053: (1, 0), 8067: (1, 0), 8081: (0, 127), 8095: (0, 1), 8109: (1, 0), 8123: (2, 127), 8137: (1, 126), 8151: (2, 125), 8165: (2, 127), 8179: (1, 126), 8193: (1, 126), 8207: (1, 125), 8221: (1, 2), 8235: (0, 126), 8249: (1, 126), 8263: (2, 126), 8277: (1, 1), 8291: (0, 127), 8305: (1, 126), 8319: (1, 127), 8333: (1, 127), 8347: (1, 1), 8361: (1, 127), 8375: (1, 127), 8389: (1, 127), 8403: (2, 4), 8417: (3, 0), 8431: (2, 126), 8445: (2, 126), 8459: (2, 3), 8473: (2, 0), 8487: (1, 127), 8501: (1, 127), 8515: (2, 3), 8529: (1, 0), 8543: (1, 127), 8557: (2, 127), 8571: (1, 126), 8585: (1, 0), 8599: (1, 126), 8613: (2, 126), 8627: (1, 126), 8641: (0, 1), 8655: (1, 126), 8669: (2, 125), 8683: (1, 126), 8697: (0, 2), 8711: (1, 126), 8725: (1, 126), 8739: (1, 126), 8753: (1, 2), 8767: (1, 127), 8781: (2, 126), 8795: (2, 125), 8809: (3, 1), 8823: (2, 124), 8837: (2, 126), 8851: (2, 126), 8865: (2, 1), 8879: (1, 126), 8893: (1, 125), 8907: (2, 127), 8921: (3, 1), 8935: (3, 127), 8949: (3, 126), 8963: (2, 1), 8977: (2, 0), 8991: (2, 127), 9005: (3, 126), 9019: (2, 3), 9033: (1, 127), 9047: (1, 126), 9061: (1, 125), 9075: (1, 2), 9089: (2, 126), 9103: (2, 126), 9117: (1, 1), 9131: (1, 127), 9145: (1, 126), 9159: (1, 126), 9173: (1, 3), 9187: (1, 127), 9201: (1, 127), 9215: (0, 127), 9229: (0, 2), 9243: (1, 0), 9257: (2, 127), 9271: (2, 3), 9285: (1, 0), 9299: (0, 127), 9313: (1, 0), 9327: (1, 4), 9341: (1, 0), 9355: (1, 127), 9369: (1, 1), 9383: (1, 2), 9397: (1, 0), 9411: (1, 127), 9425: (1, 4), 9439: (1, 0), 9453: (2, 127), 9467: (1, 0), 9481: (0, 4), 9495: (0, 0), 9509: (2, 0), 9523: (2, 2), 9537: (1, 1), 9551: (0, 127), 9565: (1, 127), 9579: (1, 4), 9593: (2, 0), 9607: (2, 127), 9621: (1, 127), 9635: (1, 3), 9649: (2, 0), 9663: (2, 127), 9677: (1, 1), 9691: (1, 0), 9705: (1, 127), 9719: (1, 127), 9733: (0, 3), 9747: (1, 127), 9761: (1, 127), 9775: (1, 127), 9789: (1, 2), 9803: (0, 127), 9817: (0, 127), 9831: (0, 1), 9845: (1, 0), 9859: (1, 127), 9873: (1, 126), 9887: (0, 4), 9901: (0, 0), 9915: (1, 127), 9929: (1, 127), 9943: (1, 4), 9957: (1, 0), 9971: (0, 127), 9985: (0, 127), 9999: (1, 4), 10013: (1, 0), 10027: (1, 127), 10041: (0, 127), 10055: (0, 5), 10069: (1, 0), 10083: (1, 0), 10097: (1, 0), 10111: (1, 4), 10125: (1, 0), 10139: (0, 127), 10153: (0, 127), 10167: (1, 3), 10181: (1, 127), 10195: (1, 127), 10209: (0, 127), 10223: (1, 3), 10237: (0, 127), 10251: (0, 127), 10265: (1, 1), 10279: (1, 3), 10293: (1, 0), 10307: (0, 127), 10321: (1, 0), 10335: (1, 3), 10349: (1, 127), 10363: (1, 127), 10377: (1, 127), 10391: (1, 3), 10405: (0, 127), 10419: (0, 127), 10433: (1, 2), 10447: (3, 2), 10461: (3, 0), 10475: (2, 127), 10489: (1, 2), 10503: (2, 1), 10517: (2, 0), 10531: (1, 0), 10545: (0, 2), 10559: (1, 1), 10573: (1, 0), 10587: (1, 127), 10601: (1, 3), 10615: (2, 127), 10629: (1, 126), 10643: (1, 126), 10657: (1, 2), 10671: (2, 126), 10685: (1, 125), 10699: (1, 126), 10713: (1, 3), 10727: (1, 127), 10741: (0, 126), 10755: (0, 126), 10769: (1, 2), 10783: (2, 127), 10797: (2, 125), 10811: (3, 125), 10825: (2, 2), 10839: (1, 127), 10853: (2, 0), 10867: (3, 127), 10881: (1, 3), 10895: (1, 0), 10909: (1, 127), 10923: (1, 0), 10937: (1, 4), 10951: (1, 0), 10965: (1, 0), 10979: (1, 0), 10993: (1, 3), 11007: (0, 1), 11021: (1, 127), 11035: (1, 127), 11049: (1, 3), 11063: (1, 0), 11077: (1, 127), 11091: (0, 127), 11105: (1, 3), 11119: (1, 1), 11133: (1, 127), 11147: (1, 0), 11161: (0, 2), 11175: (0, 1), 11189: (0, 0), 11203: (1, 127), 11217: (1, 3), 11231: (1, 1), 11245: (1, 0), 11259: (3, 127), 11273: (2, 4), 11287: (2, 0), 11301: (3, 0), 11315: (4, 127), 11329: (2, 4), 11343: (1, 0), 11357: (1, 0), 11371: (2, 127), 11385: (1, 5), 11399: (1, 0), 11413: (2, 127), 11427: (1, 127), 11441: (0, 3), 11455: (1, 127), 11469: (1, 126), 11483: (1, 126), 11497: (1, 3), 11511: (2, 126), 11525: (1, 126), 11539: (0, 126), 11553: (1, 4), 11567: (1, 0), 11581: (1, 126), 11595: (1, 126), 11609: (1, 3), 11623: (1, 127), 11637: (0, 126), 11651: (0, 125), 11665: (1, 2), 11679: (1, 0), 11693: (0, 126), 11707: (0, 126), 11721: (1, 126), 11735: (1, 3), 11749: (0, 126), 11763: (0, 126), 11777: (0, 126), 11791: (0, 126), 11805: (1, 3), 11819: (1, 127), 11833: (0, 127), 11847: (0, 127), 11861: (2, 127), 11875: (1, 4), 11889: (0, 127), 11903: (0, 127), 11917: (1, 127), 11931: (1, 127), 11945: (0, 1), 11959: (1, 127), 11973: (1, 126), 11987: (1, 126), 12001: (1, 1), 12015: (1, 0), 12029: (0, 127), 12043: (1, 127), 12057: (1, 0), 12071: (1, 3), 12085: (0, 127), 12099: (0, 0), 12113: (2, 127), 12127: (2, 127), 12141: (1, 2), 12155: (0, 127), 12169: (1, 127), 12183: (1, 127), 12197: (1, 3), 12211: (2, 0), 12225: (1, 127), 12239: (1, 127), 12253: (1, 0), 12267: (1, 1), 12281: (1, 0), 12295: (1, 127), 12309: (2, 127), 12323: (2, 4), 12337: (1, 0), 12351: (0, 127), 12365: (1, 0), 12379: (1, 4), 12393: (1, 0), 12407: (0, 127), 12421: (0, 127), 12435: (1, 3), 12449: (1, 0), 12463: (2, 0), 12477: (1, 127), 12491: (0, 1), 12505: (1, 1), 12519: (1, 0), 12533: (1, 0), 12547: (1, 1), 12561: (1, 2), 12575: (1, 127), 12589: (1, 127), 12603: (1, 0), 12617: (1, 4), 12631: (1, 0), 12645: (0, 0), 12659: (1, 127), 12673: (0, 1), 12687: (0, 1), 12701: (0, 0), 12715: (1, 127), 12729: (1, 0), 12743: (0, 3), 12757: (0, 127), 12771: (1, 127), 12785: (1, 0), 12799: (1, 3), 12813: (1, 0), 12827: (0, 0), 12841: (0, 0), 12855: (1, 1), 12869: (1, 1), 12883: (0, 0), 12897: (0, 0), 12911: (1, 0), 12925: (1, 3), 12939: (0, 0), 12953: (0, 127), 12967: (1, 127), 12981: (1, 4), 12995: (1, 0), 13009: (0, 126), 13023: (0, 127), 13037: (0, 3), 13051: (2, 0), 13065: (2, 127), 13079: (0, 127), 13093: (0, 2), 13107: (0, 1), 13121: (1, 0), 13135: (1, 127), 13149: (1, 1), 13163: (1, 1), 13177: (1, 127), 13191: (0, 127), 13205: (0, 127), 13219: (1, 2), 13233: (1, 0), 13247: (1, 127), 13261: (1, 127), 13275: (0, 4), 13289: (0, 127), 13303: (1, 127), 13317: (1, 127), 13331: (0, 3), 13345: (0, 0), 13359: (0, 127), 13373: (1, 127), 13387: (0, 1), 13401: (1, 1), 13415: (0, 0), 13429: (0, 127), 13443: (0, 127), 13457: (1, 4), 13471: (1, 0), 13485: (0, 127), 13499: (0, 126), 13513: (0, 3), 13527: (0, 127), 13541: (0, 127), 13555: (1, 127), 13569: (1, 1), 13583: (1, 0), 13597: (0, 127), 13611: (0, 127), 13625: (0, 127), 13639: (0, 3), 13653: (1, 0), 13667: (1, 0), 13681: (0, 127), 13695: (0, 4), 13709: (0, 0), 13723: (1, 0), 13737: (1, 127), 13751: (0, 1), 13765: (1, 0), 13779: (0, 0), 13793: (0, 0), 13807: (0, 127), 13821: (1, 3), 13835: (1, 0), 13849: (0, 0), 13863: (0, 0), 13877: (0, 1), 13891: (1, 2), 13905: (1, 0), 13919: (1, 0), 13933: (0, 0), 13947: (0, 4), 13961: (0, 0), 13975: (1, 0), 13989: (1, 0), 14003: (1, 0), 14017: (1, 2), 14031: (0, 127), 14045: (0, 127), 14059: (1, 0), 14073: (1, 4), 14087: (0, 0), 14101: (0, 0), 14115: (0, 127), 14129: (0, 127), 14143: (0, 3), 14157: (0, 127), 14171: (1, 127), 14185: (0, 0), 14199: (0, 3), 14213: (1, 1), 14227: (2, 0), 14241: (2, 0), 14255: (2, 1), 14269: (2, 3), 14283: (1, 127), 14297: (0, 127), 14311: (1, 127), 14325: (1, 4), 14339: (0, 0), 14353: (0, 127), 14367: (1, 127), 14381: (1, 3), 14395: (1, 0), 14409: (1, 127), 14423: (1, 126), 14437: (1, 127), 14451: (1, 1), 14465: (1, 127), 14479: (1, 127), 14493: (1, 127), 14507: (1, 3), 14521: (1, 0), 14535: (0, 127), 14549: (255, 126), 14563: (0, 3), 14577: (2, 0), 14591: (1, 127), 14605: (0, 126), 14619: (0, 2), 14633: (1, 0), 14647: (2, 127), 14661: (2, 127), 14675: (1, 0), 14689: (1, 0), 14703: (0, 127), 14717: (1, 126), 14731: (1, 126), 14745: (1, 1), 14759: (1, 0), 14773: (1, 127), 14787: (1, 127), 14801: (1, 127), 14815: (1, 3), 14829: (1, 0), 14843: (0, 127), 14857: (1, 0), 14871: (1, 127), 14885: (0, 1), 14899: (0, 127), 14913: (1, 127), 14927: (2, 127), 14941: (1, 3), 14955: (0, 127), 14969: (0, 127), 14983: (0, 127), 14997: (1, 0), 15011: (1, 1), 15025: (1, 0), 15039: (1, 0), 15053: (0, 0), 15067: (0, 0), 15081: (0, 127), 15095: (0, 3), 15109: (1, 0), 15123: (1, 0), 15137: (1, 0), 15151: (1, 127), 15165: (1, 3), 15179: (1, 0), 15193: (1, 0), 15207: (0, 0), 15221: (0, 1), 15235: (1, 1), 15249: (0, 0), 15263: (1, 0), 15277: (1, 127), 15291: (0, 3), 15305: (0, 127), 15319: (1, 127), 15333: (1, 127), 15347: (1, 126), 15361: (1, 3), 15375: (0, 0), 15389: (1, 127), 15403: (1, 127), 15417: (1, 3), 15431: (0, 127), 15445: (0, 126), 15459: (0, 126), 15473: (1, 0), 15487: (1, 2), 15501: (0, 127), 15515: (1, 0), 15529: (1, 0), 15543: (0, 3), 15557: (0, 0), 15571: (1, 127), 15585: (1, 127), 15599: (1, 3), 15613: (1, 0), 15627: (1, 127), 15641: (0, 126), 15655: (1, 0), 15669: (2, 1), 15683: (1, 127), 15697: (1, 127), 15711: (1, 127), 15725: (1, 3), 15739: (1, 0), 15753: (1, 127), 15767: (1, 0), 15781: (1, 0), 15795: (1, 1), 15809: (0, 127), 15823: (1, 127), 15837: (1, 127), 15851: (1, 4), 15865: (2, 1), 15879: (2, 1), 15893: (2, 127), 15907: (2, 1), 15921: (3, 2), 15935: (4, 0), 15949: (3, 127), 15963: (2, 127), 15977: (2, 3), 15991: (2, 127), 16005: (2, 127), 16019: (2, 127), 16033: (1, 2), 16047: (1, 1), 16061: (2, 0), 16075: (2, 127), 16089: (1, 127), 16103: (2, 1), 16117: (2, 0), 16131: (2, 127), 16145: (1, 127), 16159: (1, 4), 16173: (2, 0), 16187: (1, 127), 16201: (1, 127), 16215: (0, 2), 16229: (0, 0), 16243: (1, 127), 16257: (2, 127), 16271: (2, 127), 16285: (1, 3), 16299: (0, 127), 16313: (1, 127), 16327: (3, 0), 16341: (2, 3), 16355: (2, 0), 16369: (2, 127), 16383: (1, 127), 16397: (2, 127), 16411: (2, 2), 16425: (2, 127), 16439: (2, 127), 16453: (2, 127), 16467: (2, 2), 16481: (1, 127), 16495: (1, 126), 16509: (2, 127), 16523: (2, 127), 16537: (2, 3), 16551: (0, 0), 16565: (0, 127), 16579: (1, 0), 16593: (3, 3), 16607: (3, 1), 16621: (3, 1), 16635: (2, 0), 16649: (2, 127), 16663: (2, 4), 16677: (3, 0), 16691: (3, 126), 16705: (1, 127), 16719: (1, 0), 16733: (2, 2), 16747: (1, 0), 16761: (1, 0), 16775: (2, 127), 16789: (1, 4), 16803: (1, 0), 16817: (1, 127), 16831: (1, 127), 16845: (1, 3), 16859: (2, 0), 16873: (2, 127), 16887: (1, 127), 16901: (0, 1), 16915: (1, 0), 16929: (1, 127), 16943: (1, 0), 16957: (1, 127), 16971: (1, 3), 16985: (0, 127), 16999: (1, 127), 17013: (1, 127), 17027: (2, 4), 17041: (1, 0), 17055: (0, 127), 17069: (0, 127), 17083: (0, 127), 17097: (1, 2), 17111: (1, 0), 17125: (2, 0), 17139: (1, 0), 17153: (0, 127), 17167: (0, 3), 17181: (2, 1), 17195: (1, 0), 17209: (1, 127), 17223: (0, 0), 17237: (2, 3), 17251: (2, 0), 17265: (3, 1), 17279: (3, 0), 17293: (3, 3), 17307: (2, 1), 17321: (2, 0), 17335: (3, 127), 17349: (2, 0), 17363: (2, 1), 17377: (2, 127), 17391: (1, 126), 17405: (1, 126), 17419: (1, 3), 17433: (1, 0), 17447: (1, 127), 17461: (1, 127), 17475: (1, 0), 17489: (1, 0), 17503: (1, 127), 17517: (2, 127), 17531: (2, 126), 17545: (1, 3), 17559: (1, 126), 17573: (1, 126), 17587: (2, 126), 17601: (1, 1), 17615: (1, 0), 17629: (1, 127), 17643: (1, 127), 17657: (1, 1), 17671: (1, 1), 17685: (1, 0), 17699: (1, 0), 17713: (2, 0), 17727: (2, 4), 17741: (1, 0), 17755: (0, 0), 17769: (1, 0), 17783: (2, 4), 17797: (2, 1), 17811: (1, 0), 17825: (1, 127), 17839: (1, 1), 17853: (1, 2), 17867: (1, 0), 17881: (1, 0), 17895: (0, 0), 17909: (0, 4), 17923: (1, 0), 17937: (1, 0), 17951: (255, 127), 17965: (0, 3), 17979: (1, 1), 17993: (1, 0), 18007: (1, 127), 18021: (1, 2), 18035: (2, 2), 18049: (2, 1), 18063: (2, 0), 18077: (2, 127), 18091: (2, 4), 18105: (2, 1), 18119: (3, 0), 18133: (3, 0), 18147: (2, 3), 18161: (0, 1), 18175: (1, 0), 18189: (2, 0), 18203: (1, 0), 18217: (1, 1), 18231: (1, 0), 18245: (1, 0), 18259: (1, 0), 18273: (1, 4), 18287: (1, 0), 18301: (1, 0), 18315: (1, 0), 18329: (1, 3), 18343: (1, 0), 18357: (0, 127), 18371: (1, 127), 18385: (2, 127), 18399: (2, 4), 18413: (0, 127), 18427: (0, 126), 18441: (0, 127), 18455: (1, 4), 18469: (1, 0), 18483: (1, 127), 18497: (1, 127), 18511: (1, 2), 18525: (1, 0), 18539: (1, 127), 18553: (2, 127), 18567: (2, 0), 18581: (2, 1), 18595: (1, 127), 18609: (0, 127), 18623: (1, 127), 18637: (2, 4), 18651: (1, 1), 18665: (1, 0), 18679: (1, 0), 18693: (0, 4), 18707: (1, 0), 18721: (2, 127), 18735: (2, 126), 18749: (1, 1), 18763: (1, 126), 18777: (2, 126), 18791: (2, 127), 18805: (1, 127), 18819: (0, 3), 18833: (1, 127), 18847: (1, 127), 18861: (0, 127), 18875: (1, 127), 18889: (1, 1), 18903: (0, 127), 18917: (0, 127), 18931: (1, 127), 18945: (0, 2), 18959: (0, 0), 18973: (0, 127), 18987: (1, 127), 19001: (1, 127), 19015: (0, 1), 19029: (1, 1), 19043: (1, 127), 19057: (1, 0), 19071: (1, 0), 19085: (1, 2), 19099: (2, 0), 19113: (2, 1), 19127: (2, 0), 19141: (1, 0), 19155: (0, 3), 19169: (0, 1), 19183: (1, 1), 19197: (1, 1), 19211: (0, 0), 19225: (1, 5), 19239: (1, 0), 19253: (1, 1), 19267: (1, 0), 19281: (1, 0), 19295: (1, 3), 19309: (1, 1), 19323: (1, 1), 19337: (1, 127), 19351: (0, 3), 19365: (0, 1), 19379: (1, 1), 19393: (1, 0), 19407: (0, 0), 19421: (1, 5), 19435: (2, 1), 19449: (2, 1), 19463: (2, 0), 19477: (2, 2), 19491: (2, 2), 19505: (2, 1), 19519: (2, 0), 19533: (3, 126), 19547: (3, 3), 19561: (2, 0), 19575: (1, 0), 19589: (1, 0), 19603: (0, 4), 19617: (0, 0), 19631: (1, 0), 19645: (2, 0), 19659: (1, 3), 19673: (0, 127), 19687: (1, 127), 19701: (1, 127), 19715: (1, 127), 19729: (1, 4), 19743: (1, 0), 19757: (0, 127), 19771: (0, 0), 19785: (1, 4), 19799: (1, 0), 19813: (1, 127), 19827: (0, 127), 19841: (0, 2), 19855: (0, 1), 19869: (0, 0), 19883: (1, 0), 19897: (1, 2), 19911: (1, 1), 19925: (1, 0), 19939: (0, 0), 19953: (0, 0), 19967: (1, 2), 19981: (2, 1), 19995: (1, 0), 20009: (0, 0), 20023: (0, 4), 20037: (0, 0), 20051: (1, 0), 20065: (1, 127), 20079: (1, 1), 20093: (0, 0), 20107: (0, 127), 20121: (0, 127), 20135: (1, 127), 20149: (1, 3), 20163: (0, 127), 20177: (0, 127), 20191: (0, 127), 20205: (0, 3), 20219: (0, 0), 20233: (0, 127), 20247: (1, 0), 20261: (1, 4), 20275: (0, 127), 20289: (1, 0), 20303: (1, 0), 20317: (1, 4), 20331: (1, 0), 20345: (1, 0), 20359: (0, 127), 20373: (0, 3), 20387: (1, 1), 20401: (1, 1), 20415: (0, 0), 20429: (0, 3), 20443: (1, 2), 20457: (1, 0), 20471: (1, 1), 20485: (2, 1), 20499: (1, 4), 20513: (1, 1), 20527: (0, 1), 20541: (0, 0), 20555: (0, 5), 20569: (0, 1), 20583: (0, 1), 20597: (0, 0), 20611: (0, 4), 20625: (0, 1), 20639: (1, 0), 20653: (1, 1), 20667: (0, 2), 20681: (0, 2), 20695: (0, 0), 20709: (1, 0), 20723: (1, 0), 20737: (1, 4), 20751: (1, 1), 20765: (0, 0), 20779: (0, 0), 20793: (0, 5), 20807: (1, 1), 20821: (1, 1), 20835: (0, 0), 20849: (0, 4), 20863: (0, 2), 20877: (0, 1), 20891: (0, 1), 20905: (1, 3), 20919: (1, 2), 20933: (0, 1), 20947: (255, 0), 20961: (255, 127), 20975: (0, 3), 20989: (1, 1), 21003: (0, 0), 21017: (255, 0), 21031: (255, 3), 21045: (255, 0), 21059: (0, 0), 21073: (0, 127), 21087: (255, 3), 21101: (0, 0), 21115: (0, 0), 21129: (255, 127), 21143: (0, 2), 21157: (0, 1), 21171: (255, 0), 21185: (255, 0), 21199: (0, 0), 21213: (0, 4), 21227: (0, 0), 21241: (0, 1), 21255: (0, 1), 21269: (0, 3), 21283: (0, 1), 21297: (1, 0), 21311: (2, 1), 21325: (2, 1), 21339: (2, 5), 21353: (2, 2), 21367: (1, 1), 21381: (0, 0), 21395: (1, 4), 21409: (1, 1), 21423: (1, 0), 21437: (1, 0), 21451: (1, 1), 21465: (1, 2), 21479: (1, 0), 21493: (1, 0), 21507: (1, 0), 21521: (1, 5), 21535: (1, 0), 21549: (0, 127), 21563: (0, 0), 21577: (0, 4), 21591: (1, 1), 21605: (1, 0), 21619: (0, 127), 21633: (0, 2), 21647: (2, 1), 21661: (3, 0), 21675: (2, 127), 21689: (2, 127), 21703: (2, 2), 21717: (2, 1), 21731: (1, 0), 21745: (1, 0), 21759: (2, 4), 21773: (1, 1), 21787: (1, 1), 21801: (1, 1), 21815: (1, 5), 21829: (1, 1), 21843: (3, 0), 21857: (3, 127), 21871: (2, 5), 21885: (1, 0), 21899: (1, 0), 21913: (2, 0), 21927: (1, 4), 21941: (1, 0), 21955: (1, 127), 21969: (1, 0), 21983: (2, 3), 21997: (2, 127), 22011: (2, 127), 22025: (1, 127), 22039: (2, 3), 22053: (2, 1), 22067: (2, 0), 22081: (1, 127), 22095: (1, 4), 22109: (2, 1), 22123: (1, 0), 22137: (1, 127), 22151: (1, 4), 22165: (1, 127), 22179: (1, 126), 22193: (1, 126), 22207: (1, 2), 22221: (0, 126), 22235: (0, 126), 22249: (1, 126), 22263: (2, 3), 22277: (1, 127), 22291: (1, 127), 22305: (1, 2), 22319: (1, 1), 22333: (255, 127), 22347: (0, 127), 22361: (0, 127), 22375: (1, 2), 22389: (1, 0), 22403: (1, 127), 22417: (1, 127), 22431: (0, 2), 22445: (1, 127), 22459: (2, 127), 22473: (0, 0), 22487: (0, 2), 22501: (1, 0), 22515: (0, 127), 22529: (0, 127), 22543: (1, 2), 22557: (2, 0), 22571: (2, 127), 22585: (1, 126), 22599: (2, 1), 22613: (3, 127), 22627: (2, 127), 22641: (1, 127), 22655: (2, 3), 22669: (2, 0), 22683: (1, 0), 22697: (0, 127), 22711: (1, 4), 22725: (1, 1), 22739: (1, 0), 22753: (1, 0), 22767: (1, 3), 22781: (1, 0), 22795: (1, 127), 22809: (1, 126), 22823: (1, 1), 22837: (1, 126), 22851: (1, 126), 22865: (1, 127), 22879: (0, 3), 22893: (0, 127), 22907: (1, 127), 22921: (1, 127), 22935: (1, 4), 22949: (0, 0), 22963: (0, 127), 22977: (0, 127), 22991: (1, 4), 23005: (1, 1), 23019: (1, 1), 23033: (0, 1), 23047: (0, 2), 23061: (1, 2), 23075: (1, 0), 23089: (1, 0), 23103: (2, 1), 23117: (2, 2), 23131: (1, 0), 23145: (0, 127), 23159: (1, 127), 23173: (2, 4), 23187: (1, 0), 23201: (1, 0), 23215: (0, 127), 23229: (0, 1), 23243: (0, 1), 23257: (1, 1), 23271: (1, 0), 23285: (0, 0), 23299: (0, 3), 23313: (1, 1), 23327: (1, 0), 23341: (0, 0), 23355: (1, 4), 23369: (1, 0), 23383: (1, 0), 23397: (1, 0), 23411: (1, 3), 23425: (2, 127), 23439: (1, 126), 23453: (1, 126), 23467: (1, 3), 23481: (0, 127), 23495: (0, 127), 23509: (1, 127), 23523: (1, 3), 23537: (0, 127), 23551: (1, 127), 23565: (0, 127), 23579: (0, 2), 23593: (1, 0), 23607: (1, 127), 23621: (1, 127), 23635: (1, 1), 23649: (0, 1), 23663: (1, 0), 23677: (1, 127), 23691: (0, 0), 23705: (1, 2), 23719: (1, 0), 23733: (0, 0), 23747: (0, 0), 23761: (1, 4), 23775: (1, 0), 23789: (1, 0), 23803: (0, 0), 23817: (0, 4), 23831: (1, 1), 23845: (2, 1), 23859: (2, 0), 23873: (2, 4), 23887: (1, 0), 23901: (1, 0), 23915: (2, 127), 23929: (2, 3), 23943: (1, 1), 23957: (1, 127), 23971: (1, 0), 23985: (1, 1), 23999: (0, 2), 24013: (0, 1), 24027: (1, 0), 24041: (1, 3), 24055: (1, 2), 24069: (1, 1), 24083: (1, 0), 24097: (1, 1), 24111: (1, 3), 24125: (1, 0), 24139: (0, 127), 24153: (255, 127), 24167: (1, 2), 24181: (2, 1), 24195: (2, 0), 24209: (0, 0), 24223: (0, 4), 24237: (1, 127), 24251: (1, 126), 24265: (1, 127), 24279: (2, 4), 24293: (1, 0), 24307: (2, 127), 24321: (2, 127), 24335: (1, 2), 24349: (2, 0), 24363: (2, 127), 24377: (2, 0), 24391: (1, 2), 24405: (0, 0), 24419: (1, 127), 24433: (1, 127), 24447: (1, 1), 24461: (1, 2), 24475: (0, 0), 24489: (0, 127), 24503: (0, 127), 24517: (1, 3), 24531: (1, 127), 24545: (1, 126), 24559: (0, 126), 24573: (0, 3), 24587: (1, 0), 24601: (1, 127), 24615: (1, 127), 24629: (1, 4), 24643: (0, 0), 24657: (0, 0), 24671: (0, 0), 24685: (0, 4), 24699: (0, 1), 24713: (0, 1), 24727: (0, 0), 24741: (0, 4), 24755: (255, 1), 24769: (1, 0), 24783: (2, 0), 24797: (0, 2), 24811: (0, 1), 24825: (0, 127), 24839: (1, 0), 24853: (0, 0), 24867: (0, 3), 24881: (0, 0), 24895: (0, 0), 24909: (0, 0), 24923: (255, 4), 24937: (255, 0), 24951: (255, 127), 24965: (0, 127), 24979: (0, 4), 24993: (0, 0), 25007: (0, 0), 25021: (255, 127), 25035: (1, 3), 25049: (1, 2), 25063: (1, 1), 25077: (0, 0), 25091: (0, 0), 25105: (0, 3), 25119: (1, 0), 25133: (1, 1), 25147: (0, 1), 25161: (0, 4), 25175: (0, 1), 25189: (0, 1), 25203: (255, 0), 25217: (0, 5), 25231: (0, 1), 25245: (0, 0), 25259: (0, 0), 25273: (0, 4), 25287: (0, 0), 25301: (0, 0), 25315: (0, 127), 25329: (1, 0), 25343: (1, 1), 25357: (0, 127), 25371: (0, 0), 25385: (1, 0), 25399: (0, 5), 25413: (255, 1), 25427: (0, 0), 25441: (0, 1), 25455: (255, 5), 25469: (255, 1), 25483: (0, 1), 25497: (0, 1), 25511: (255, 0), 25525: (0, 3), 25539: (0, 1), 25553: (255, 0), 25567: (255, 0), 25581: (0, 4), 25595: (1, 0), 25609: (255, 127), 25623: (255, 127), 25637: (0, 3), 25651: (0, 1), 25665: (255, 0), 25679: (0, 0), 25693: (0, 0), 25707: (0, 3), 25721: (0, 127), 25735: (1, 126), 25749: (1, 126), 25763: (0, 2), 25777: (1, 0), 25791: (1, 127), 25805: (0, 126), 25819: (255, 127), 25833: (1, 1), 25847: (1, 0), 25861: (0, 127), 25875: (0, 127), 25889: (0, 4), 25903: (0, 0), 25917: (0, 126), 25931: (0, 127), 25945: (0, 1), 25959: (0, 0), 25973: (0, 126), 25987: (0, 127), 26001: (0, 127), 26015: (0, 1), 26029: (0, 126), 26043: (1, 126), 26057: (0, 127), 26071: (255, 3), 26085: (0, 0), 26099: (0, 0), 26113: (0, 0), 26127: (1, 4), 26141: (1, 1), 26155: (0, 0), 26169: (255, 1), 26183: (0, 1), 26197: (1, 3), 26211: (0, 1), 26225: (0, 0), 26239: (0, 0), 26253: (1, 5), 26267: (0, 1), 26281: (0, 0), 26295: (1, 0), 26309: (0, 4), 26323: (1, 2), 26337: (0, 1), 26351: (0, 0), 26365: (255, 2), 26379: (1, 0), 26393: (1, 127), 26407: (0, 126), 26421: (255, 126), 26435: (0, 2), 26449: (1, 127), 26463: (0, 126), 26477: (0, 127), 26491: (0, 4), 26505: (0, 0), 26519: (255, 127), 26533: (0, 127), 26547: (0, 3), 26561: (0, 0), 26575: (255, 0), 26589: (255, 127), 26603: (255, 127), 26617: (255, 3), 26631: (0, 0), 26645: (0, 0), 26659: (255, 127), 26673: (255, 127), 26687: (0, 0), 26701: (1, 2), 26715: (2, 0), 26729: (2, 0), 26743: (1, 1), 26757: (1, 2), 26771: (1, 3), 26785: (1, 1), 26799: (1, 0), 26813: (1, 127), 26827: (0, 3), 26841: (0, 127), 26855: (0, 0), 26869: (0, 126), 26883: (0, 127), 26897: (0, 4), 26911: (0, 127), 26925: (0, 127), 26939: (0, 127), 26953: (0, 0), 26967: (0, 2), 26981: (0, 0), 26995: (0, 127), 27009: (0, 0), 27023: (255, 5), 27037: (0, 0), 27051: (1, 1), 27065: (0, 0), 27079: (255, 4), 27093: (0, 1), 27107: (0, 0), 27121: (0, 0), 27135: (255, 2), 27149: (0, 1), 27163: (0, 0), 27177: (255, 0), 27191: (255, 2), 27205: (0, 1), 27219: (255, 127), 27233: (255, 127), 27247: (0, 0), 27261: (0, 3), 27275: (255, 0), 27289: (255, 0), 27303: (0, 0), 27317: (0, 4), 27331: (255, 0), 27345: (255, 127), 27359: (255, 127), 27373: (255, 4), 27387: (0, 1), 27401: (0, 1), 27415: (0, 0), 27429: (255, 3), 27443: (255, 2), 27457: (1, 1), 27471: (0, 1), 27485: (255, 1), 27499: (0, 2), 27513: (1, 2), 27527: (0, 2), 27541: (255, 0), 27555: (0, 0), 27569: (1, 5), 27583: (0, 1), 27597: (255, 0), 27611: (0, 0), 27625: (0, 0), 27639: (1, 3), 27653: (1, 0), 27667: (0, 127), 27681: (255, 0), 27695: (0, 4), 27709: (2, 2), 27723: (2, 1), 27737: (2, 1), 27751: (1, 2), 27765: (1, 4), 27779: (1, 2), 27793: (1, 1), 27807: (1, 0), 27821: (0, 4), 27835: (0, 1), 27849: (0, 1), 27863: (0, 1), 27877: (255, 5), 27891: (0, 1), 27905: (1, 1), 27919: (1, 1), 27933: (0, 5), 27947: (255, 1), 27961: (0, 0), 27975: (1, 0), 27989: (0, 4), 28003: (1, 1), 28017: (0, 0), 28031: (255, 127), 28045: (255, 0), 28059: (1, 3), 28073: (1, 1), 28087: (0, 0), 28101: (0, 0), 28115: (0, 3), 28129: (0, 2), 28143: (0, 0), 28157: (1, 1), 28171: (1, 0), 28185: (0, 3), 28199: (0, 0), 28213: (0, 127), 28227: (0, 127), 28241: (1, 3), 28255: (1, 0), 28269: (0, 126), 28283: (255, 126), 28297: (255, 1), 28311: (0, 0), 28325: (1, 0), 28339: (1, 0), 28353: (0, 0), 28367: (0, 1), 28381: (0, 127), 28395: (0, 127), 28409: (0, 0), 28423: (1, 2), 28437: (0, 127), 28451: (0, 127), 28465: (0, 126), 28479: (0, 2), 28493: (0, 127), 28507: (1, 127), 28521: (1, 127), 28535: (0, 4), 28549: (255, 0), 28563: (255, 127), 28577: (0, 127), 28591: (0, 4), 28605: (0, 0), 28619: (255, 127), 28633: (255, 127), 28647: (0, 4), 28661: (0, 0), 28675: (0, 127), 28689: (0, 127), 28703: (255, 3), 28717: (0, 1), 28731: (0, 0), 28745: (255, 127), 28759: (255, 1), 28773: (0, 2), 28787: (0, 0), 28801: (255, 0), 28815: (255, 127), 28829: (0, 4), 28843: (0, 0), 28857: (0, 0), 28871: (255, 0), 28885: (255, 2), 28899: (255, 1), 28913: (0, 0), 28927: (0, 0), 28941: (255, 127), 28955: (255, 4), 28969: (0, 0), 28983: (0, 0), 28997: (255, 127), 29011: (255, 127), 29025: (0, 2), 29039: (0, 1), 29053: (0, 1), 29067: (255, 1), 29081: (255, 1), 29095: (255, 1), 29109: (0, 5), 29123: (0, 2), 29137: (0, 1), 29151: (255, 0), 29165: (0, 0), 29179: (0, 4), 29193: (0, 1), 29207: (255, 1), 29221: (0, 1), 29235: (0, 1), 29249: (255, 3), 29263: (0, 2), 29277: (0, 0), 29291: (255, 0), 29305: (255, 0), 29319: (0, 4), 29333: (1, 1), 29347: (255, 127), 29361: (254, 0), 29375: (0, 1), 29389: (1, 5), 29403: (0, 2), 29417: (0, 0), 29431: (0, 0), 29445: (0, 3), 29459: (0, 2), 29473: (0, 1), 29487: (0, 1), 29501: (255, 1), 29515: (0, 5), 29529: (0, 1), 29543: (255, 0), 29557: (255, 0), 29571: (0, 4), 29585: (1, 2), 29599: (0, 0), 29613: (255, 127), 29627: (0, 1), 29641: (0, 4), 29655: (0, 1), 29669: (0, 0), 29683: (1, 0), 29697: (1, 4), 29711: (0, 0), 29725: (1, 0), 29739: (1, 0), 29753: (1, 3), 29767: (2, 1), 29781: (2, 1), 29795: (1, 0), 29809: (0, 2), 29823: (1, 1), 29837: (2, 1), 29851: (1, 0), 29865: (0, 3), 29879: (0, 2), 29893: (0, 1), 29907: (0, 1), 29921: (1, 2), 29935: (2, 1), 29949: (1, 0), 29963: (0, 127), 29977: (0, 2), 29991: (1, 1), 30005: (1, 127), 30019: (0, 127), 30033: (1, 2), 30047: (1, 127), 30061: (0, 126), 30075: (0, 127), 30089: (1, 3), 30103: (0, 0), 30117: (0, 127), 30131: (0, 127), 30145: (0, 4), 30159: (0, 0), 30173: (0, 127), 30187: (1, 127), 30201: (0, 4), 30215: (255, 127), 30229: (255, 127), 30243: (0, 127), 30257: (1, 4), 30271: (0, 0), 30285: (0, 0), 30299: (0, 0), 30313: (0, 4), 30327: (1, 1), 30341: (1, 1), 30355: (0, 127), 30369: (0, 4), 30383: (1, 1), 30397: (0, 0), 30411: (0, 0), 30425: (0, 4), 30439: (1, 2), 30453: (0, 1), 30467: (0, 1), 30481: (0, 4), 30495: (0, 1), 30509: (0, 0), 30523: (0, 127), 30537: (1, 1), 30551: (0, 0), 30565: (255, 0), 30579: (0, 0), 30593: (1, 1), 30607: (0, 2), 30621: (0, 0), 30635: (0, 0), 30649: (0, 127), 30663: (255, 4), 30677: (0, 0), 30691: (0, 127), 30705: (255, 127), 30719: (255, 2), 30733: (0, 1), 30747: (0, 0), 30761: (0, 0), 30775: (0, 0), 30789: (1, 4), 30803: (0, 0), 30817: (255, 0), 30831: (0, 0), 30845: (1, 1), 30859: (1, 3), 30873: (0, 0), 30887: (0, 0), 30901: (0, 1), 30915: (0, 5), 30929: (0, 2), 30943: (0, 2), 30957: (255, 1), 30971: (255, 5), 30985: (0, 1), 30999: (0, 1), 31013: (255, 1), 31027: (0, 1), 31041: (1, 2), 31055: (0, 1), 31069: (255, 127), 31083: (255, 127), 31097: (0, 4), 31111: (1, 0), 31125: (0, 0), 31139: (0, 0), 31153: (255, 5), 31167: (0, 1), 31181: (0, 0), 31195: (1, 1), 31209: (0, 4), 31223: (255, 0), 31237: (255, 0), 31251: (0, 0), 31265: (0, 3), 31279: (0, 2), 31293: (0, 1), 31307: (0, 1), 31321: (0, 2), 31335: (255, 2), 31349: (0, 1), 31363: (1, 1), 31377: (0, 1), 31391: (0, 2), 31405: (0, 0), 31419: (0, 0), 31433: (0, 0), 31447: (1, 2), 31461: (0, 0), 31475: (0, 0), 31489: (255, 0), 31503: (255, 3), 31517: (0, 0), 31531: (0, 0), 31545: (0, 0), 31559: (0, 3), 31573: (255, 0), 31587: (255, 0), 31601: (0, 0), 31615: (0, 4), 31629: (0, 0), 31643: (255, 0), 31657: (0, 127), 31671: (255, 4), 31685: (255, 0), 31699: (0, 0), 31713: (0, 1), 31727: (0, 5), 31741: (0, 1), 31755: (0, 1), 31769: (255, 0), 31783: (0, 4), 31797: (1, 2), 31811: (0, 1), 31825: (255, 0), 31839: (255, 1), 31853: (0, 3), 31867: (0, 1), 31881: (0, 1), 31895: (255, 1), 31909: (0, 5), 31923: (255, 2), 31937: (255, 1), 31951: (255, 1), 31965: (0, 6), 31979: (0, 1), 31993: (0, 2), 32007: (0, 1), 32021: (0, 4), 32035: (0, 2), 32049: (1, 1), 32063: (1, 1), 32077: (0, 1), 32091: (255, 2), 32105: (0, 1), 32119: (0, 1), 32133: (0, 1), 32147: (0, 5), 32161: (0, 1), 32175: (0, 1), 32189: (0, 1), 32203: (0, 5), 32217: (0, 1), 32231: (0, 0), 32245: (255, 0), 32259: (255, 2), 32273: (255, 1), 32287: (255, 0), 32301: (255, 0), 32315: (0, 1), 32329: (1, 3), 32343: (255, 0), 32357: (255, 0), 32371: (0, 0), 32385: (0, 4), 32399: (255, 0), 32413: (255, 0), 32427: (255, 0), 32441: (255, 3), 32455: (0, 1), 32469: (0, 0), 32483: (0, 1), 32497: (0, 0), 32511: (0, 3), 32525: (0, 1), 32539: (0, 1), 32553: (0, 0), 32567: (0, 4), 32581: (0, 2), 32595: (255, 0), 32609: (0, 1), 32623: (0, 0), 32637: (255, 6), 32651: (255, 2), 32665: (0, 1), 32679: (255, 0), 32693: (255, 4), 32707: (0, 2), 32721: (0, 2), 32735: (255, 1), 32749: (255, 1), 32763: (0, 5), 32777: (0, 2), 32791: (255, 1), 32805: (0, 1), 32819: (0, 2), 32833: (0, 2), 32847: (255, 1), 32861: (1, 1), 32875: (1, 1), 32889: (0, 6), 32903: (0, 2), 32917: (2, 2), 32931: (2, 2), 32945: (0, 4), 32959: (1, 2), 32973: (2, 1), 32987: (2, 1), 33001: (1, 2), 33015: (1, 1), 33029: (2, 2), 33043: (1, 1), 33057: (1, 2), 33071: (1, 2), 33085: (1, 0), 33099: (0, 0), 33113: (0, 1), 33127: (0, 3), 33141: (0, 0), 33155: (255, 0), 33169: (0, 0), 33183: (0, 5), 33197: (0, 0), 33211: (0, 0), 33225: (0, 0), 33239: (0, 4), 33253: (0, 0), 33267: (0, 0), 33281: (0, 127), 33295: (0, 4), 33309: (0, 0), 33323: (0, 0), 33337: (0, 127), 33351: (0, 4), 33365: (0, 0), 33379: (0, 0), 33393: (255, 127), 33407: (255, 3), 33421: (255, 0), 33435: (255, 0), 33449: (0, 0), 33463: (1, 5), 33477: (2, 1), 33491: (1, 127), 33505: (1, 127), 33519: (1, 3), 33533: (1, 2), 33547: (1, 2), 33561: (0, 0), 33575: (1, 3), 33589: (1, 2), 33603: (0, 1), 33617: (0, 0), 33631: (2, 3), 33645: (2, 1), 33659: (1, 0), 33673: (1, 0), 33687: (1, 2), 33701: (0, 1), 33715: (1, 1), 33729: (2, 1), 33743: (1, 2), 33757: (0, 1), 33771: (1, 0), 33785: (2, 0), 33799: (2, 1), 33813: (2, 3), 33827: (1, 0), 33841: (1, 0), 33855: (0, 0), 33869: (0, 3), 33883: (1, 0), 33897: (0, 0), 33911: (0, 0), 33925: (0, 3), 33939: (1, 0), 33953: (0, 126), 33967: (0, 126), 33981: (0, 4), 33995: (0, 0), 34009: (255, 127), 34023: (255, 0), 34037: (0, 5), 34051: (1, 1), 34065: (0, 0), 34079: (255, 0), 34093: (255, 5), 34107: (0, 1), 34121: (1, 127), 34135: (1, 127), 34149: (1, 4), 34163: (0, 0), 34177: (1, 0), 34191: (1, 0), 34205: (0, 4), 34219: (255, 1), 34233: (0, 1), 34247: (1, 1), 34261: (0, 2), 34275: (0, 0), 34289: (0, 0), 34303: (1, 127), 34317: (1, 127), 34331: (1, 3), 34345: (1, 127), 34359: (0, 125), 34373: (0, 124), 34387: (1, 0), 34401: (2, 126), 34415: (1, 125), 34429: (0, 126), 34443: (0, 2), 34457: (0, 0), 34471: (1, 0), 34485: (1, 127), 34499: (0, 4), 34513: (1, 0), 34527: (0, 0), 34541: (1, 0), 34555: (0, 4), 34569: (0, 1), 34583: (0, 1), 34597: (0, 1), 34611: (255, 3), 34625: (255, 2), 34639: (255, 1), 34653: (1, 1), 34667: (1, 1), 34681: (0, 2), 34695: (255, 1), 34709: (0, 1), 34723: (1, 1), 34737: (1, 3), 34751: (1, 0), 34765: (0, 0), 34779: (0, 0), 34793: (0, 2), 34807: (0, 0), 34821: (0, 0), 34835: (0, 0), 34849: (0, 3), 34863: (0, 0), 34877: (255, 127), 34891: (0, 0), 34905: (1, 3), 34919: (1, 0), 34933: (0, 127), 34947: (0, 0), 34961: (255, 2), 34975: (0, 0), 34989: (0, 127), 35003: (0, 1), 35017: (255, 2), 35031: (255, 0), 35045: (255, 0), 35059: (0, 2), 35073: (0, 1), 35087: (254, 1), 35101: (255, 0), 35115: (255, 1), 35129: (255, 3), 35143: (255, 0), 35157: (0, 0), 35171: (255, 0), 35185: (0, 3), 35199: (0, 0), 35213: (0, 1), 35227: (0, 0), 35241: (0, 4), 35255: (1, 1), 35269: (1, 0), 35283: (255, 0), 35297: (255, 4), 35311: (0, 1), 35325: (0, 1), 35339: (0, 0), 35353: (1, 6), 35367: (1, 1), 35381: (0, 0), 35395: (1, 0), 35409: (1, 5), 35423: (2, 1), 35437: (1, 1), 35451: (0, 1), 35465: (0, 4), 35479: (0, 1), 35493: (255, 0), 35507: (0, 1), 35521: (1, 5), 35535: (0, 2), 35549: (255, 1), 35563: (255, 1), 35577: (0, 4), 35591: (0, 3), 35605: (0, 1), 35619: (0, 1), 35633: (255, 2), 35647: (255, 3), 35661: (0, 2), 35675: (0, 1), 35689: (0, 2), 35703: (0, 4), 35717: (0, 2), 35731: (1, 1), 35745: (0, 0), 35759: (0, 4), 35773: (0, 1), 35787: (0, 0), 35801: (255, 0), 35815: (0, 4), 35829: (0, 0), 35843: (255, 0), 35857: (0, 0), 35871: (0, 4), 35885: (255, 1), 35899: (255, 2), 35913: (0, 1), 35927: (0, 5), 35941: (0, 1), 35955: (255, 0), 35969: (255, 127), 35983: (0, 1), 35997: (0, 2), 36011: (0, 0), 36025: (255, 0), 36039: (255, 127), 36053: (255, 4), 36067: (0, 0), 36081: (255, 0), 36095: (255, 0), 36109: (255, 3), 36123: (0, 2), 36137: (0, 1), 36151: (255, 1), 36165: (255, 0), 36179: (0, 5), 36193: (255, 1), 36207: (255, 1), 36221: (0, 1), 36235: (0, 3), 36249: (0, 0), 36263: (1, 127), 36277: (1, 126), 36291: (255, 126), 36305: (255, 3), 36319: (1, 0), 36333: (1, 0), 36347: (0, 127), 36361: (255, 3), 36375: (0, 1), 36389: (1, 0), 36403: (0, 0), 36417: (0, 1), 36431: (0, 2), 36445: (0, 0), 36459: (0, 127), 36473: (1, 126), 36487: (0, 3), 36501: (255, 0), 36515: (0, 0), 36529: (1, 2), 36543: (0, 3), 36557: (255, 1), 36571: (255, 0), 36585: (0, 0), 36599: (255, 0), 36613: (255, 3), 36627: (255, 0), 36641: (0, 0), 36655: (0, 0), 36669: (255, 3), 36683: (0, 1), 36697: (0, 0), 36711: (0, 0), 36725: (0, 1), 36739: (1, 3), 36753: (0, 1), 36767: (255, 0), 36781: (0, 0), 36795: (0, 5), 36809: (0, 1), 36823: (255, 0), 36837: (0, 1), 36851: (1, 3), 36865: (0, 2), 36879: (255, 127), 36893: (255, 127), 36907: (255, 127), 36921: (0, 1), 36935: (0, 127), 36949: (0, 127), 36963: (255, 127), 36977: (255, 3), 36991: (1, 0), 37005: (1, 127), 37019: (0, 127), 37033: (0, 0), 37047: (1, 2), 37061: (1, 0), 37075: (0, 0), 37089: (0, 0), 37103: (1, 4), 37117: (0, 0), 37131: (0, 0), 37145: (0, 0), 37159: (0, 4), 37173: (2, 2), 37187: (2, 2), 37201: (1, 1), 37215: (255, 3), 37229: (255, 1), 37243: (0, 127), 37257: (0, 127), 37271: (0, 1), 37285: (255, 1), 37299: (0, 127), 37313: (255, 127), 37327: (255, 127), 37341: (0, 3), 37355: (0, 0), 37369: (255, 127), 37383: (255, 127), 37397: (0, 3), 37411: (255, 127), 37425: (255, 0), 37439: (1, 1), 37453: (1, 4), 37467: (255, 1), 37481: (255, 127), 37495: (255, 127), 37509: (0, 6), 37523: (0, 1), 37537: (0, 1), 37551: (0, 1), 37565: (255, 5), 37579: (255, 1), 37593: (0, 1), 37607: (1, 2), 37621: (0, 5), 37635: (255, 2), 37649: (0, 2), 37663: (0, 1), 37677: (0, 5), 37691: (0, 2), 37705: (0, 1), 37719: (0, 1), 37733: (255, 4), 37747: (0, 2), 37761: (0, 1), 37775: (0, 1), 37789: (255, 3), 37803: (0, 3), 37817: (0, 1), 37831: (255, 0), 37845: (0, 3), 37859: (0, 4), 37873: (0, 2), 37887: (0, 0), 37901: (0, 1), 37915: (1, 3), 37929: (0, 1), 37943: (0, 1), 37957: (1, 0), 37971: (1, 1), 37985: (0, 3), 37999: (255, 1), 38013: (0, 1), 38027: (0, 0), 38041: (0, 0), 38055: (0, 4), 38069: (0, 127), 38083: (0, 126), 38097: (0, 125), 38111: (1, 126), 38125: (2, 127), 38139: (1, 124), 38153: (0, 123), 38167: (0, 123), 38181: (0, 1), 38195: (0, 127), 38209: (1, 0), 38223: (0, 126), 38237: (255, 3), 38251: (0, 127), 38265: (1, 127), 38279: (0, 127), 38293: (0, 3), 38307: (0, 0), 38321: (0, 0), 38335: (0, 127), 38349: (255, 1), 38363: (0, 127), 38377: (1, 126), 38391: (1, 125), 38405: (1, 125), 38419: (0, 126), 38433: (0, 125), 38447: (0, 126), 38461: (1, 126), 38475: (0, 2), 38489: (255, 126), 38503: (0, 127), 38517: (0, 0), 38531: (1, 3), 38545: (0, 1), 38559: (1, 1), 38573: (0, 127), 38587: (255, 0), 38601: (0, 3), 38615: (0, 0), 38629: (0, 0), 38643: (0, 0), 38657: (255, 4), 38671: (0, 1), 38685: (0, 0), 38699: (0, 1), 38713: (1, 5), 38727: (1, 1), 38741: (0, 127), 38755: (0, 125), 38769: (1, 126), 38783: (3, 125), 38797: (2, 124), 38811: (2, 125), 38825: (1, 125), 38839: (1, 0), 38853: (0, 126), 38867: (1, 127), 38881: (1, 127), 38895: (0, 3), 38909: (0, 0), 38923: (0, 0), 38937: (1, 0), 38951: (0, 3), 38965: (0, 0), 38979: (0, 127), 38993: (0, 0), 39007: (255, 2), 39021: (0, 1), 39035: (0, 0), 39049: (0, 0), 39063: (255, 1), 39077: (0, 2), 39091: (255, 0), 39105: (254, 0), 39119: (0, 1), 39133: (1, 3), 39147: (0, 1), 39161: (255, 0), 39175: (0, 0), 39189: (0, 4), 39203: (255, 1), 39217: (255, 0), 39231: (0, 1), 39245: (0, 4), 39259: (255, 1), 39273: (255, 0), 39287: (0, 0), 39301: (0, 3), 39315: (0, 2), 39329: (0, 1), 39343: (255, 0), 39357: (255, 2), 39371: (0, 3), 39385: (1, 2), 39399: (0, 1), 39413: (255, 1), 39427: (255, 3), 39441: (0, 1), 39455: (0, 1), 39469: (0, 1), 39483: (0, 4), 39497: (255, 0), 39511: (254, 1), 39525: (0, 0), 39539: (0, 5), 39553: (0, 0), 39567: (255, 0), 39581: (255, 1), 39595: (0, 5), 39609: (0, 2), 39623: (255, 1), 39637: (0, 1), 39651: (0, 4), 39665: (255, 2), 39679: (255, 1), 39693: (255, 1), 39707: (255, 3), 39721: (255, 4), 39735: (0, 2), 39749: (255, 1), 39763: (255, 2), 39777: (0, 4), 39791: (1, 2), 39805: (0, 1), 39819: (255, 0), 39833: (255, 5), 39847: (0, 1), 39861: (0, 0), 39875: (255, 0), 39889: (0, 4), 39903: (0, 1), 39917: (0, 1), 39931: (1, 0), 39945: (1, 5), 39959: (0, 1), 39973: (255, 0), 39987: (255, 0), 40001: (0, 5), 40015: (0, 1), 40029: (255, 0), 40043: (0, 1), 40057: (0, 4), 40071: (255, 2), 40085: (255, 0), 40099: (255, 0), 40113: (255, 0), 40127: (255, 4), 40141: (255, 1), 40155: (255, 0), 40169: (254, 0), 40183: (255, 0), 40197: (0, 5), 40211: (0, 2), 40225: (255, 1), 40239: (255, 1), 40253: (255, 1), 40267: (255, 5), 40281: (255, 2), 40295: (0, 2), 40309: (0, 1), 40323: (255, 1), 40337: (255, 5), 40351: (0, 2), 40365: (0, 1), 40379: (0, 2), 40393: (0, 1), 40407: (0, 5), 40421: (255, 1), 40435: (255, 0), 40449: (0, 0), 40463: (0, 0), 40477: (0, 5), 40491: (255, 0), 40505: (255, 0), 40519: (0, 0), 40533: (0, 127), 40547: (0, 2), 40561: (0, 127), 40575: (255, 127), 40589: (0, 127), 40603: (0, 2), 40617: (1, 0), 40631: (1, 127), 40645: (0, 127), 40659: (0, 127), 40673: (0, 3), 40687: (255, 0), 40701: (0, 127), 40715: (0, 127), 40729: (0, 2), 40743: (0, 1), 40757: (255, 127), 40771: (255, 127), 40785: (255, 127), 40799: (0, 3), 40813: (1, 127), 40827: (0, 125), 40841: (255, 126), 40855: (255, 2), 40869: (0, 1), 40883: (0, 0), 40897: (0, 126), 40911: (1, 127), 40925: (0, 3), 40939: (0, 127), 40953: (255, 127), 40967: (0, 127), 40981: (0, 3), 40995: (0, 0), 41009: (255, 127), 41023: (254, 127), 41037: (255, 127), 41051: (0, 4), 41065: (0, 1), 41079: (255, 0), 41093: (255, 0), 41107: (255, 4), 41121: (0, 1), 41135: (0, 1), 41149: (0, 1), 41163: (0, 2), 41177: (0, 2), 41191: (255, 1), 41205: (255, 1), 41219: (0, 1), 41233: (0, 5), 41247: (255, 1), 41261: (255, 0), 41275: (0, 0), 41289: (0, 1), 41303: (255, 2), 41317: (0, 1), 41331: (0, 1), 41345: (255, 0), 41359: (255, 3), 41373: (0, 1), 41387: (0, 1), 41401: (255, 0), 41415: (255, 5), 41429: (255, 1), 41443: (255, 1), 41457: (255, 1), 41471: (255, 3), 41485: (0, 2), 41499: (254, 1), 41513: (255, 1), 41527: (0, 1), 41541: (255, 3), 41555: (255, 0), 41569: (255, 0), 41583: (0, 0), 41597: (255, 4), 41611: (254, 0), 41625: (255, 1), 41639: (0, 1), 41653: (255, 3), 41667: (255, 1), 41681: (0, 1), 41695: (255, 0), 41709: (255, 0), 41723: (255, 4), 41737: (0, 0), 41751: (0, 126), 41765: (255, 126), 41779: (255, 1), 41793: (0, 1), 41807: (255, 127), 41821: (0, 127), 41835: (0, 127), 41849: (255, 4), 41863: (255, 1), 41877: (255, 0), 41891: (255, 0), 41905: (255, 3), 41919: (255, 1), 41933: (255, 0), 41947: (255, 0), 41961: (254, 0), 41975: (255, 4), 41989: (0, 1), 42003: (0, 1), 42017: (255, 0), 42031: (254, 2), 42045: (255, 2), 42059: (255, 1), 42073: (255, 0), 42087: (255, 0), 42101: (255, 5), 42115: (255, 1), 42129: (255, 0), 42143: (255, 0), 42157: (255, 3), 42171: (255, 2), 42185: (255, 1), 42199: (255, 1), 42213: (255, 0), 42227: (255, 5), 42241: (0, 2), 42255: (0, 1), 42269: (255, 0), 42283: (255, 1), 42297: (0, 3), 42311: (255, 1), 42325: (0, 1), 42339: (0, 1), 42353: (255, 4), 42367: (255, 2), 42381: (255, 1), 42395: (0, 1), 42409: (0, 127), 42423: (255, 3), 42437: (255, 1), 42451: (255, 1), 42465: (255, 1), 42479: (254, 3), 42493: (255, 3), 42507: (0, 2), 42521: (0, 2), 42535: (255, 1), 42549: (255, 6), 42563: (255, 1), 42577: (255, 2), 42591: (0, 2), 42605: (0, 5), 42619: (255, 3), 42633: (254, 2), 42647: (255, 1), 42661: (0, 2), 42675: (1, 5), 42689: (1, 0), 42703: (1, 127), 42717: (1, 0), 42731: (0, 3), 42745: (1, 1), 42759: (1, 0), 42773: (0, 0), 42787: (0, 1), 42801: (1, 3), 42815: (1, 1), 42829: (255, 0), 42843: (0, 1), 42857: (0, 4), 42871: (0, 1), 42885: (255, 0), 42899: (255, 0), 42913: (0, 0), 42927: (0, 2), 42941: (0, 0), 42955: (0, 127), 42969: (0, 126), 42983: (0, 1), 42997: (0, 126), 43011: (2, 126), 43025: (1, 126), 43039: (0, 125), 43053: (0, 2), 43067: (1, 0), 43081: (255, 0), 43095: (0, 127), 43109: (0, 4), 43123: (0, 1), 43137: (255, 0), 43151: (255, 0), 43165: (255, 4), 43179: (255, 1), 43193: (0, 1), 43207: (0, 0), 43221: (0, 3), 43235: (255, 1), 43249: (0, 127), 43263: (1, 127), 43277: (0, 1), 43291: (255, 1), 43305: (0, 0), 43319: (0, 0), 43333: (255, 2), 43347: (255, 1), 43361: (0, 0), 43375: (0, 0), 43389: (0, 1), 43403: (0, 2), 43417: (0, 0), 43431: (255, 127), 43445: (255, 0), 43459: (0, 2), 43473: (255, 0), 43487: (255, 0), 43501: (0, 1), 43515: (0, 4), 43529: (1, 1), 43543: (0, 1), 43557: (0, 127), 43571: (0, 5), 43585: (0, 1), 43599: (255, 0), 43613: (0, 0), 43627: (255, 4), 43641: (255, 1), 43655: (255, 0), 43669: (0, 0), 43683: (255, 3), 43697: (254, 1), 43711: (254, 0), 43725: (255, 0), 43739: (255, 1), 43753: (255, 2), 43767: (254, 0), 43781: (254, 0), 43795: (255, 0), 43809: (255, 4), 43823: (255, 0), 43837: (255, 0), 43851: (254, 127), 43865: (255, 1), 43879: (255, 4), 43893: (254, 1), 43907: (255, 1), 43921: (0, 1), 43935: (0, 5), 43949: (255, 2), 43963: (254, 1), 43977: (0, 2), 43991: (0, 1), 44005: (0, 4), 44019: (255, 3), 44033: (255, 2), 44047: (254, 1), 44061: (255, 1), 44075: (255, 6), 44089: (255, 3), 44103: (255, 2), 44117: (255, 1), 44131: (0, 2), 44145: (255, 3), 44159: (255, 1), 44173: (0, 1), 44187: (0, 1), 44201: (255, 5), 44215: (255, 2), 44229: (255, 1), 44243: (255, 1), 44257: (0, 3), 44271: (0, 3), 44285: (255, 1), 44299: (255, 2), 44313: (254, 1), 44327: (255, 5), 44341: (255, 1), 44355: (255, 1), 44369: (254, 0), 44383: (255, 5), 44397: (255, 1), 44411: (254, 0), 44425: (254, 0), 44439: (255, 4), 44453: (0, 1), 44467: (255, 0), 44481: (255, 126), 44495: (255, 3), 44509: (255, 0), 44523: (255, 0), 44537: (255, 0), 44551: (255, 3), 44565: (254, 1), 44579: (254, 0), 44593: (255, 0), 44607: (255, 3), 44621: (255, 2), 44635: (254, 1), 44649: (254, 0), 44663: (255, 1), 44677: (255, 3), 44691: (255, 1), 44705: (0, 1), 44719: (255, 1), 44733: (255, 5), 44747: (255, 2), 44761: (255, 1), 44775: (255, 1), 44789: (0, 1), 44803: (0, 4), 44817: (254, 1), 44831: (254, 1), 44845: (255, 2), 44859: (0, 5), 44873: (0, 2), 44887: (255, 1), 44901: (255, 1), 44915: (255, 2), 44929: (0, 4), 44943: (0, 3), 44957: (0, 1), 44971: (255, 1), 44985: (255, 3), 44999: (0, 3), 45013: (255, 1), 45027: (255, 1), 45041: (0, 2), 45055: (0, 6), 45069: (0, 3), 45083: (0, 1), 45097: (1, 1), 45111: (2, 5), 45125: (1, 3), 45139: (1, 1), 45153: (2, 1), 45167: (1, 1), 45181: (0, 3), 45195: (1, 2), 45209: (0, 1), 45223: (255, 1), 45237: (255, 4), 45251: (0, 2), 45265: (0, 1), 45279: (0, 1), 45293: (0, 5), 45307: (0, 1), 45321: (255, 0), 45335: (255, 0), 45349: (0, 3), 45363: (0, 127), 45377: (0, 127), 45391: (0, 0), 45405: (0, 2), 45419: (255, 1), 45433: (255, 0), 45447: (255, 0), 45461: (0, 1), 45475: (255, 2), 45489: (254, 0), 45503: (255, 0), 45517: (0, 0), 45531: (0, 4), 45545: (254, 0), 45559: (255, 0), 45573: (0, 1), 45587: (0, 2), 45601: (1, 3), 45615: (1, 1), 45629: (1, 2), 45643: (1, 2), 45657: (1, 4), 45671: (0, 1), 45685: (255, 0), 45699: (0, 0), 45713: (1, 5), 45727: (0, 1), 45741: (255, 0), 45755: (255, 0), 45769: (255, 4), 45783: (0, 2), 45797: (0, 1), 45811: (0, 0), 45825: (255, 4), 45839: (255, 2), 45853: (255, 1), 45867: (0, 0), 45881: (0, 3), 45895: (255, 1), 45909: (255, 1), 45923: (255, 1), 45937: (255, 1), 45951: (255, 2), 45965: (0, 1), 45979: (0, 1), 45993: (255, 1), 46007: (255, 5), 46021: (255, 1), 46035: (255, 1), 46049: (255, 1), 46063: (0, 5), 46077: (255, 1), 46091: (254, 0), 46105: (255, 127), 46119: (0, 0), 46133: (0, 3), 46147: (255, 1), 46161: (255, 127), 46175: (0, 0), 46189: (0, 4), 46203: (255, 0), 46217: (0, 0), 46231: (0, 0), 46245: (255, 4), 46259: (255, 1), 46273: (255, 0), 46287: (255, 0), 46301: (255, 2), 46315: (0, 2), 46329: (0, 1), 46343: (0, 0), 46357: (0, 0), 46371: (1, 4), 46385: (1, 3), 46399: (0, 1), 46413: (255, 0), 46427: (0, 1), 46441: (0, 3), 46455: (255, 1), 46469: (0, 1), 46483: (0, 1), 46497: (255, 0), 46511: (255, 5), 46525: (255, 2), 46539: (255, 1), 46553: (255, 1), 46567: (255, 1), 46581: (0, 3), 46595: (0, 1), 46609: (255, 0), 46623: (0, 0), 46637: (0, 4), 46651: (0, 1), 46665: (0, 0), 46679: (0, 0), 46693: (0, 0), 46707: (0, 1), 46721: (0, 127), 46735: (1, 0), 46749: (0, 127), 46763: (255, 4), 46777: (0, 2), 46791: (0, 1), 46805: (255, 0), 46819: (255, 3), 46833: (0, 3), 46847: (0, 2), 46861: (255, 1), 46875: (0, 1), 46889: (0, 4), 46903: (255, 1), 46917: (255, 1), 46931: (0, 1), 46945: (255, 5), 46959: (255, 1), 46973: (0, 0), 46987: (0, 0), 47001: (255, 4), 47015: (255, 1), 47029: (0, 1), 47043: (255, 0), 47057: (255, 4), 47071: (255, 1), 47085: (255, 0), 47099: (0, 0), 47113: (255, 3), 47127: (0, 1), 47141: (0, 1), 47155: (255, 0), 47169: (0, 2), 47183: (1, 0), 47197: (2, 126), 47211: (1, 126), 47225: (1, 126), 47239: (1, 126), 47253: (1, 125), 47267: (255, 126), 47281: (0, 126), 47295: (0, 2), 47309: (0, 0), 47323: (255, 0), 47337: (255, 0), 47351: (0, 5), 47365: (0, 1), 47379: (255, 1), 47393: (0, 1), 47407: (0, 5), 47421: (255, 1), 47435: (255, 1), 47449: (0, 1), 47463: (0, 6), 47477: (255, 1), 47491: (255, 1), 47505: (255, 0), 47519: (255, 5), 47533: (255, 1), 47547: (255, 1), 47561: (255, 0), 47575: (254, 5), 47589: (255, 1), 47603: (255, 0), 47617: (255, 0), 47631: (255, 4), 47645: (0, 2), 47659: (0, 1), 47673: (255, 1), 47687: (254, 4), 47701: (255, 2), 47715: (0, 1), 47729: (0, 1), 47743: (255, 4), 47757: (255, 2), 47771: (254, 1), 47785: (255, 1), 47799: (0, 4), 47813: (0, 3), 47827: (255, 1), 47841: (255, 1), 47855: (0, 5), 47869: (0, 2), 47883: (255, 1), 47897: (0, 2), 47911: (0, 4), 47925: (0, 2), 47939: (255, 1), 47953: (255, 1), 47967: (0, 4), 47981: (0, 3), 47995: (0, 2), 48009: (255, 1), 48023: (255, 2), 48037: (0, 2), 48051: (0, 0), 48065: (0, 0), 48079: (0, 2), 48093: (255, 2), 48107: (255, 1), 48121: (0, 1), 48135: (0, 2), 48149: (0, 2), 48163: (0, 1), 48177: (0, 0), 48191: (255, 1), 48205: (255, 2), 48219: (255, 0), 48233: (255, 0), 48247: (255, 0), 48261: (0, 3), 48275: (255, 0), 48289: (254, 127), 48303: (255, 127), 48317: (0, 5), 48331: (255, 1), 48345: (255, 0), 48359: (254, 0), 48373: (255, 5), 48387: (255, 1), 48401: (255, 1), 48415: (255, 0), 48429: (255, 5), 48443: (254, 1), 48457: (254, 0), 48471: (255, 0), 48485: (255, 1), 48499: (255, 4), 48513: (255, 2), 48527: (255, 1), 48541: (254, 0), 48555: (254, 5), 48569: (0, 3), 48583: (255, 1), 48597: (255, 1), 48611: (254, 0), 48625: (255, 5), 48639: (255, 2), 48653: (0, 2), 48667: (255, 1), 48681: (255, 6), 48695: (255, 3), 48709: (255, 2), 48723: (0, 3), 48737: (0, 1), 48751: (255, 5), 48765: (255, 2), 48779: (255, 1), 48793: (255, 1), 48807: (255, 5), 48821: (0, 2), 48835: (0, 2), 48849: (255, 1), 48863: (255, 4), 48877: (0, 2), 48891: (255, 1), 48905: (255, 0), 48919: (0, 1), 48933: (0, 5), 48947: (255, 1), 48961: (254, 0), 48975: (255, 0), 48989: (255, 3), 49003: (255, 1), 49017: (255, 0), 49031: (255, 0), 49045: (255, 2), 49059: (255, 2), 49073: (255, 1), 49087: (0, 1), 49101: (0, 1), 49115: (255, 2), 49129: (0, 0), 49143: (1, 1), 49157: (0, 2), 49171: (1, 5), 49185: (1, 2), 49199: (1, 0), 49213: (0, 0), 49227: (0, 2), 49241: (0, 0), 49255: (0, 0), 49269: (1, 0), 49283: (0, 4), 49297: (0, 0), 49311: (255, 0), 49325: (0, 0), 49339: (0, 4), 49353: (0, 0), 49367: (255, 0), 49381: (255, 0), 49395: (255, 3), 49409: (255, 0), 49423: (255, 0), 49437: (255, 127), 49451: (255, 4), 49465: (254, 0), 49479: (254, 127), 49493: (255, 127), 49507: (255, 4), 49521: (255, 0), 49535: (254, 127), 49549: (254, 126), 49563: (254, 3), 49577: (255, 0), 49591: (255, 0), 49605: (255, 127), 49619: (254, 0), 49633: (254, 1), 49647: (255, 0), 49661: (255, 0), 49675: (255, 0), 49689: (255, 4), 49703: (255, 2), 49717: (254, 0), 49731: (254, 127), 49745: (255, 0), 49759: (255, 4), 49773: (255, 0), 49787: (255, 0), 49801: (255, 0), 49815: (255, 0), 49829: (255, 5), 49843: (0, 1), 49857: (1, 127), 49871: (0, 0), 49885: (0, 2), 49899: (0, 6), 49913: (0, 3), 49927: (255, 1), 49941: (255, 2), 49955: (255, 1), 49969: (255, 3), 49983: (255, 2), 49997: (0, 2), 50011: (0, 1), 50025: (255, 0), 50039: (255, 2), 50053: (0, 127), 50067: (0, 127), 50081: (0, 127), 50095: (1, 126), 50109: (2, 4), 50123: (1, 1), 50137: (255, 0), 50151: (0, 0), 50165: (0, 3), 50179: (0, 2), 50193: (0, 2), 50207: (0, 1), 50221: (255, 0), 50235: (255, 5), 50249: (0, 1), 50263: (0, 0), 50277: (0, 0), 50291: (0, 4), 50305: (1, 3), 50319: (2, 1), 50333: (0, 127), 50347: (1, 1), 50361: (1, 2), 50375: (2, 2), 50389: (0, 0), 50403: (0, 1), 50417: (0, 4), 50431: (255, 1), 50445: (0, 0), 50459: (0, 0), 50473: (255, 4), 50487: (0, 1), 50501: (1, 1), 50515: (1, 0), 50529: (255, 3), 50543: (254, 1), 50557: (0, 1), 50571: (1, 1), 50585: (0, 1), 50599: (0, 1), 50613: (0, 0), 50627: (0, 0), 50641: (0, 0), 50655: (0, 5), 50669: (0, 1), 50683: (0, 1), 50697: (255, 1), 50711: (0, 5), 50725: (0, 1), 50739: (0, 0), 50753: (0, 0), 50767: (0, 4), 50781: (0, 2), 50795: (0, 0), 50809: (0, 0), 50823: (0, 0), 50837: (0, 3), 50851: (0, 1), 50865: (0, 0), 50879: (255, 0), 50893: (255, 3), 50907: (255, 1), 50921: (0, 0), 50935: (255, 0), 50949: (255, 3), 50963: (255, 0), 50977: (0, 1), 50991: (0, 1), 51005: (0, 5), 51019: (0, 0), 51033: (0, 127), 51047: (0, 0), 51061: (0, 5), 51075: (1, 2), 51089: (1, 1), 51103: (0, 1), 51117: (0, 5), 51131: (255, 1), 51145: (254, 1), 51159: (255, 2), 51173: (0, 4), 51187: (0, 2), 51201: (0, 2), 51215: (255, 1), 51229: (255, 4), 51243: (1, 2), 51257: (0, 1), 51271: (0, 1), 51285: (0, 3), 51299: (0, 2), 51313: (0, 1), 51327: (0, 0), 51341: (0, 1), 51355: (0, 3), 51369: (0, 1), 51383: (0, 0), 51397: (255, 0), 51411: (255, 3), 51425: (0, 0), 51439: (0, 0), 51453: (0, 0), 51467: (255, 4), 51481: (255, 1), 51495: (255, 0), 51509: (255, 0), 51523: (0, 5), 51537: (0, 1), 51551: (255, 0), 51565: (255, 0), 51579: (255, 4), 51593: (0, 1), 51607: (255, 0), 51621: (255, 0), 51635: (255, 5), 51649: (0, 3), 51663: (255, 2), 51677: (255, 1), 51691: (0, 4), 51705: (1, 2), 51719: (0, 0), 51733: (255, 1), 51747: (0, 4), 51761: (1, 3), 51775: (2, 1), 51789: (2, 1), 51803: (2, 1), 51817: (1, 2), 51831: (1, 1), 51845: (2, 1), 51859: (1, 2), 51873: (0, 2), 51887: (0, 1), 51901: (0, 1), 51915: (0, 3), 51929: (0, 3), 51943: (1, 1), 51957: (1, 1), 51971: (0, 3), 51985: (0, 1), 51999: (0, 1), 52013: (0, 1), 52027: (0, 5), 52041: (1, 2), 52055: (1, 1), 52069: (255, 1), 52083: (255, 4), 52097: (1, 3), 52111: (1, 2), 52125: (1, 1), 52139: (0, 5), 52153: (1, 2), 52167: (1, 1), 52181: (2, 0), 52195: (2, 2), 52209: (2, 126), 52223: (1, 124), 52237: (1, 125), 52251: (2, 2), 52265: (1, 126), 52279: (0, 125), 52293: (1, 126), 52307: (1, 4), 52321: (0, 0), 52335: (255, 127), 52349: (0, 0), 52363: (1, 4), 52377: (0, 1), 52391: (0, 1), 52405: (0, 1), 52419: (0, 4), 52433: (0, 1), 52447: (1, 1), 52461: (1, 1), 52475: (0, 3), 52489: (255, 0), 52503: (0, 0), 52517: (0, 2), 52531: (0, 1), 52545: (255, 0), 52559: (0, 0), 52573: (0, 1), 52587: (255, 2), 52601: (0, 0), 52615: (0, 0), 52629: (255, 3), 52643: (0, 1), 52657: (1, 1), 52671: (0, 127), 52685: (0, 3), 52699: (1, 3), 52713: (2, 3), 52727: (1, 2), 52741: (0, 6), 52755: (0, 2), 52769: (0, 1), 52783: (0, 1), 52797: (0, 6), 52811: (1, 2), 52825: (0, 1), 52839: (0, 1), 52853: (0, 4), 52867: (0, 2), 52881: (0, 1), 52895: (0, 2), 52909: (0, 4), 52923: (0, 2), 52937: (255, 2), 52951: (0, 3), 52965: (1, 4), 52979: (0, 1), 52993: (0, 0), 53007: (0, 1), 53021: (0, 4), 53035: (0, 1), 53049: (0, 2), 53063: (0, 2), 53077: (0, 3), 53091: (255, 1), 53105: (0, 1), 53119: (0, 3), 53133: (0, 3), 53147: (255, 1), 53161: (0, 0), 53175: (0, 2), 53189: (0, 2), 53203: (0, 0), 53217: (0, 0), 53231: (0, 2), 53245: (255, 2), 53259: (255, 0), 53273: (0, 0), 53287: (0, 3), 53301: (0, 3), 53315: (1, 1), 53329: (1, 127), 53343: (0, 1), 53357: (1, 2), 53371: (2, 3), 53385: (2, 1), 53399: (1, 2), 53413: (0, 3), 53427: (0, 1), 53441: (0, 1), 53455: (0, 1), 53469: (0, 4), 53483: (1, 1), 53497: (0, 1), 53511: (0, 0), 53525: (0, 5), 53539: (0, 1), 53553: (255, 1), 53567: (0, 1), 53581: (1, 5), 53595: (0, 2), 53609: (255, 1), 53623: (0, 2), 53637: (1, 4), 53651: (0, 1), 53665: (0, 2), 53679: (0, 2), 53693: (0, 4), 53707: (0, 0), 53721: (1, 127), 53735: (2, 127), 53749: (1, 126), 53763: (0, 124), 53777: (1, 125), 53791: (1, 1), 53805: (0, 126), 53819: (0, 126), 53833: (0, 126), 53847: (0, 4), 53861: (0, 0), 53875: (0, 0), 53889: (0, 0), 53903: (0, 5), 53917: (0, 1), 53931: (255, 0), 53945: (0, 1), 53959: (0, 5), 53973: (0, 1), 53987: (0, 0), 54001: (0, 0), 54015: (255, 5), 54029: (255, 0), 54043: (0, 0), 54057: (1, 1), 54071: (0, 5), 54085: (0, 1), 54099: (1, 0), 54113: (0, 127), 54127: (1, 3), 54141: (1, 2), 54155: (1, 1), 54169: (0, 2), 54183: (0, 3), 54197: (0, 0), 54211: (0, 1), 54225: (0, 4), 54239: (1, 2), 54253: (1, 2), 54267: (255, 1), 54281: (255, 5), 54295: (1, 2), 54309: (1, 1), 54323: (0, 1), 54337: (255, 5), 54351: (255, 0), 54365: (255, 1), 54379: (0, 1), 54393: (0, 5), 54407: (0, 1), 54421: (0, 2), 54435: (0, 3), 54449: (1, 5), 54463: (1, 2), 54477: (0, 1), 54491: (0, 2), 54505: (0, 3), 54519: (255, 2), 54533: (255, 2), 54547: (0, 5), 54561: (0, 3), 54575: (255, 1), 54589: (255, 1), 54603: (255, 6), 54617: (255, 2), 54631: (0, 2), 54645: (0, 2), 54659: (0, 6), 54673: (255, 2), 54687: (255, 1), 54701: (0, 2), 54715: (1, 4), 54729: (0, 1), 54743: (255, 1), 54757: (255, 3), 54771: (255, 2), 54785: (0, 1), 54799: (0, 1), 54813: (0, 5), 54827: (255, 1), 54841: (0, 2), 54855: (0, 1), 54869: (1, 7), 54883: (1, 2), 54897: (0, 1), 54911: (0, 1), 54925: (1, 7), 54939: (0, 1), 54953: (1, 0), 54967: (2, 1), 54981: (2, 5), 54995: (1, 2), 55009: (0, 1), 55023: (0, 4), 55037: (0, 4), 55051: (1, 2), 55065: (0, 2), 55079: (255, 5), 55093: (255, 3), 55107: (0, 2), 55121: (0, 1), 55135: (0, 6), 55149: (0, 1), 55163: (0, 1), 55177: (255, 1), 55191: (255, 5), 55205: (255, 1), 55219: (255, 0), 55233: (0, 1), 55247: (0, 4), 55261: (255, 1), 55275: (255, 1), 55289: (255, 3), 55303: (0, 2), 55317: (0, 1), 55331: (255, 0), 55345: (255, 4), 55359: (255, 1), 55373: (255, 1), 55387: (255, 0), 55401: (255, 5), 55415: (0, 1), 55429: (255, 0), 55443: (255, 0), 55457: (255, 5), 55471: (255, 1), 55485: (255, 1), 55499: (0, 1), 55513: (255, 4), 55527: (254, 1), 55541: (255, 1), 55555: (0, 0), 55569: (1, 0), 55583: (1, 6), 55597: (0, 2), 55611: (0, 1), 55625: (0, 1), 55639: (1, 3), 55653: (1, 3), 55667: (0, 1), 55681: (0, 2), 55695: (255, 1), 55709: (255, 5), 55723: (0, 2), 55737: (0, 1), 55751: (0, 2), 55765: (0, 6), 55779: (0, 2), 55793: (255, 1), 55807: (255, 1), 55821: (0, 4), 55835: (1, 1), 55849: (0, 1), 55863: (255, 1), 55877: (255, 4), 55891: (0, 3), 55905: (0, 1), 55919: (0, 0), 55933: (255, 3), 55947: (255, 1), 55961: (254, 0), 55975: (0, 2), 55989: (0, 6), 56003: (255, 2), 56017: (255, 1), 56031: (255, 1), 56045: (0, 5), 56059: (0, 1), 56073: (0, 0), 56087: (0, 127), 56101: (1, 4), 56115: (1, 127), 56129: (1, 126), 56143: (1, 126), 56157: (2, 1), 56171: (2, 126), 56185: (1, 125), 56199: (0, 125), 56213: (0, 2), 56227: (0, 127), 56241: (0, 0), 56255: (1, 0), 56269: (0, 4), 56283: (0, 0), 56297: (0, 0), 56311: (1, 0), 56325: (0, 3), 56339: (0, 1), 56353: (0, 1), 56367: (0, 0), 56381: (0, 5), 56395: (0, 1), 56409: (0, 1), 56423: (0, 1), 56437: (1, 4), 56451: (0, 1), 56465: (255, 0), 56479: (255, 0), 56493: (0, 4), 56507: (0, 1), 56521: (0, 0), 56535: (255, 0), 56549: (0, 4), 56563: (0, 2), 56577: (0, 1), 56591: (0, 1), 56605: (0, 5), 56619: (255, 1), 56633: (255, 0), 56647: (0, 0), 56661: (0, 5), 56675: (0, 1), 56689: (255, 1), 56703: (0, 0), 56717: (0, 4), 56731: (0, 127), 56745: (255, 127), 56759: (255, 127), 56773: (0, 5), 56787: (0, 0), 56801: (0, 0), 56815: (1, 0), 56829: (2, 5), 56843: (2, 0), 56857: (1, 127), 56871: (1, 0), 56885: (1, 5), 56899: (1, 1), 56913: (1, 1), 56927: (0, 1), 56941: (255, 4), 56955: (0, 1), 56969: (255, 0), 56983: (0, 1), 56997: (0, 5), 57011: (255, 1), 57025: (255, 0), 57039: (255, 1), 57053: (0, 3), 57067: (255, 0), 57081: (255, 0), 57095: (255, 1), 57109: (255, 4), 57123: (255, 1), 57137: (255, 0), 57151: (0, 1), 57165: (1, 4), 57179: (1, 0), 57193: (0, 0), 57207: (0, 1), 57221: (0, 3), 57235: (255, 1), 57249: (255, 1), 57263: (0, 1), 57277: (0, 4), 57291: (0, 2), 57305: (255, 1), 57319: (255, 2), 57333: (0, 4), 57347: (0, 1), 57361: (255, 1), 57375: (0, 3), 57389: (0, 4), 57403: (255, 2), 57417: (255, 1), 57431: (0, 2), 57445: (0, 5), 57459: (0, 1), 57473: (0, 0), 57487: (0, 1), 57501: (0, 4), 57515: (1, 1), 57529: (0, 0), 57543: (0, 1), 57557: (0, 2), 57571: (1, 1), 57585: (0, 0), 57599: (0, 0), 57613: (0, 3), 57627: (0, 0), 57641: (255, 0), 57655: (255, 1), 57669: (255, 3), 57683: (255, 1), 57697: (255, 1), 57711: (255, 0), 57725: (254, 4), 57739: (255, 1), 57753: (255, 0), 57767: (0, 1), 57781: (0, 5), 57795: (255, 1), 57809: (255, 0), 57823: (0, 2), 57837: (0, 5), 57851: (0, 1), 57865: (255, 0), 57879: (255, 0), 57893: (0, 5), 57907: (0, 2), 57921: (0, 1), 57935: (0, 1), 57949: (0, 4), 57963: (0, 2), 57977: (0, 1), 57991: (0, 0), 58005: (1, 4), 58019: (1, 2), 58033: (0, 0), 58047: (0, 0), 58061: (0, 3), 58075: (0, 2), 58089: (0, 1), 58103: (1, 127), 58117: (0, 1), 58131: (0, 0), 58145: (0, 127), 58159: (0, 0), 58173: (1, 127), 58187: (0, 3), 58201: (255, 127), 58215: (255, 0), 58229: (255, 0), 58243: (0, 5), 58257: (255, 0), 58271: (255, 0), 58285: (255, 1), 58299: (255, 4), 58313: (0, 1), 58327: (1, 0), 58341: (1, 0), 58355: (1, 3), 58369: (1, 2), 58383: (0, 1), 58397: (255, 0), 58411: (255, 4), 58425: (0, 2), 58439: (0, 2), 58453: (0, 1), 58467: (255, 3), 58481: (255, 2), 58495: (0, 2), 58509: (0, 1), 58523: (0, 3), 58537: (0, 3), 58551: (255, 1), 58565: (255, 1), 58579: (255, 3), 58593: (0, 3), 58607: (0, 1), 58621: (255, 0), 58635: (255, 3), 58649: (255, 3), 58663: (255, 1), 58677: (255, 0), 58691: (255, 2), 58705: (0, 3), 58719: (255, 1), 58733: (254, 127), 58747: (255, 0), 58761: (0, 3), 58775: (1, 0), 58789: (1, 0), 58803: (1, 127), 58817: (0, 3), 58831: (2, 2), 58845: (2, 1), 58859: (2, 1), 58873: (1, 4), 58887: (1, 1), 58901: (0, 1), 58915: (0, 0), 58929: (0, 5), 58943: (0, 2), 58957: (1, 1), 58971: (0, 1), 58985: (0, 5), 58999: (0, 2), 59013: (0, 1), 59027: (1, 2), 59041: (1, 4), 59055: (1, 2), 59069: (0, 1), 59083: (255, 0), 59097: (0, 2), 59111: (1, 1), 59125: (1, 1), 59139: (0, 0), 59153: (255, 2), 59167: (255, 3), 59181: (0, 1), 59195: (0, 1), 59209: (1, 1), 59223: (1, 4), 59237: (0, 2), 59251: (0, 1), 59265: (255, 0), 59279: (0, 4), 59293: (1, 1), 59307: (1, 1), 59321: (0, 1), 59335: (255, 4), 59349: (255, 1), 59363: (0, 1), 59377: (0, 1), 59391: (0, 6), 59405: (0, 3), 59419: (0, 2), 59433: (1, 2), 59447: (1, 6), 59461: (1, 1), 59475: (1, 1), 59489: (1, 0), 59503: (0, 6), 59517: (0, 1), 59531: (0, 1), 59545: (0, 1), 59559: (0, 6), 59573: (0, 2), 59587: (0, 1), 59601: (255, 0), 59615: (255, 5), 59629: (0, 1), 59643: (0, 0), 59657: (255, 0), 59671: (255, 4), 59685: (0, 1), 59699: (0, 0), 59713: (0, 0), 59727: (0, 3), 59741: (255, 0), 59755: (255, 0), 59769: (0, 1), 59783: (0, 3), 59797: (0, 1), 59811: (0, 1), 59825: (255, 3), 59839: (255, 3), 59853: (0, 1), 59867: (255, 0), 59881: (255, 1), 59895: (255, 3), 59909: (255, 0), 59923: (0, 0), 59937: (255, 127), 59951: (0, 4), 59965: (0, 2), 59979: (0, 1), 59993: (0, 0), 60007: (255, 5), 60021: (0, 2), 60035: (0, 2), 60049: (0, 1), 60063: (0, 5), 60077: (255, 1), 60091: (255, 0), 60105: (0, 1), 60119: (0, 4), 60133: (0, 1), 60147: (0, 127), 60161: (0, 127), 60175: (0, 1), 60189: (1, 1), 60203: (1, 127), 60217: (1, 126), 60231: (1, 125), 60245: (2, 0), 60259: (1, 125), 60273: (0, 126), 60287: (1, 127), 60301: (1, 4), 60315: (0, 0), 60329: (0, 0), 60343: (0, 0), 60357: (0, 4), 60371: (2, 1), 60385: (1, 0), 60399: (0, 0), 60413: (0, 1), 60427: (1, 2), 60441: (1, 1), 60455: (1, 0), 60469: (0, 127), 60483: (0, 4), 60497: (0, 0), 60511: (1, 0), 60525: (1, 126), 60539: (0, 3), 60553: (1, 0), 60567: (2, 2), 60581: (2, 0), 60595: (0, 3), 60609: (0, 0), 60623: (1, 0), 60637: (1, 0), 60651: (0, 4), 60665: (255, 1), 60679: (0, 1), 60693: (1, 1), 60707: (0, 5), 60721: (0, 1), 60735: (0, 1), 60749: (0, 1), 60763: (0, 5), 60777: (0, 2), 60791: (0, 1), 60805: (0, 1), 60819: (0, 6), 60833: (0, 1), 60847: (0, 1), 60861: (0, 1), 60875: (0, 6), 60889: (0, 1), 60903: (0, 1), 60917: (0, 0), 60931: (255, 4), 60945: (255, 0), 60959: (0, 1), 60973: (1, 1), 60987: (0, 5), 61001: (255, 0), 61015: (255, 0), 61029: (0, 0), 61043: (0, 3), 61057: (255, 0), 61071: (255, 0), 61085: (0, 1), 61099: (0, 1), 61113: (255, 0), 61127: (255, 0), 61141: (0, 3), 61155: (0, 3), 61169: (0, 1), 61183: (0, 1), 61197: (0, 5), 61211: (0, 2), 61225: (2, 1), 61239: (2, 0), 61253: (1, 6), 61267: (1, 2), 61281: (1, 2), 61295: (1, 1), 61309: (0, 4), 61323: (0, 2), 61337: (0, 1), 61351: (0, 1), 61365: (0, 4), 61379: (1, 2), 61393: (0, 2), 61407: (0, 1), 61421: (0, 5), 61435: (1, 3), 61449: (0, 2), 61463: (0, 1), 61477: (0, 5), 61491: (1, 3), 61505: (1, 2), 61519: (1, 1), 61533: (0, 4), 61547: (1, 3), 61561: (1, 2), 61575: (1, 2), 61589: (0, 4), 61603: (0, 2), 61617: (0, 1), 61631: (1, 2), 61645: (0, 4), 61659: (0, 2), 61673: (0, 1), 61687: (0, 1), 61701: (0, 4), 61715: (0, 2), 61729: (0, 1), 61743: (255, 1), 61757: (0, 4), 61771: (0, 1), 61785: (0, 1), 61799: (0, 0), 61813: (0, 2), 61827: (1, 2), 61841: (1, 2), 61855: (0, 1), 61869: (1, 4), 61883: (1, 2), 61897: (1, 1), 61911: (0, 0), 61925: (255, 4), 61939: (0, 2), 61953: (0, 1), 61967: (0, 1), 61981: (1, 4), 61995: (0, 2), 62009: (0, 1), 62023: (0, 0), 62037: (0, 5), 62051: (0, 2), 62065: (0, 2), 62079: (0, 1), 62093: (0, 5), 62107: (0, 2), 62121: (0, 1), 62135: (1, 2), 62149: (0, 5), 62163: (1, 2), 62177: (0, 1), 62191: (255, 1), 62205: (255, 4), 62219: (1, 2), 62233: (2, 0), 62247: (1, 127), 62261: (0, 4), 62275: (1, 3), 62289: (0, 1), 62303: (1, 1), 62317: (1, 4), 62331: (1, 2), 62345: (2, 127), 62359: (1, 0), 62373: (1, 3), 62387: (1, 1), 62401: (1, 0), 62415: (1, 0), 62429: (1, 4), 62443: (0, 1), 62457: (255, 0), 62471: (255, 0), 62485: (0, 4), 62499: (1, 1), 62513: (0, 0), 62527: (255, 127), 62541: (254, 3), 62555: (255, 1), 62569: (0, 0), 62583: (0, 0), 62597: (255, 4), 62611: (255, 0), 62625: (255, 0), 62639: (255, 127), 62653: (255, 4), 62667: (0, 0), 62681: (255, 127), 62695: (255, 127), 62709: (255, 4), 62723: (255, 0), 62737: (0, 0), 62751: (1, 0), 62765: (1, 0), 62779: (1, 2), 62793: (0, 0), 62807: (0, 0), 62821: (1, 3), 62835: (0, 6), 62849: (2, 2), 62863: (0, 1), 62877: (255, 127), 62891: (0, 4), 62905: (1, 2), 62919: (0, 0), 62933: (0, 0), 62947: (0, 0), 62961: (0, 4), 62975: (0, 1), 62989: (0, 1), 63003: (0, 1), 63017: (0, 5), 63031: (0, 1), 63045: (0, 1), 63059: (255, 0), 63073: (0, 2), 63087: (0, 1), 63101: (0, 1), 63115: (0, 2), 63129: (0, 1), 63143: (0, 4), 63157: (1, 1), 63171: (1, 0), 63185: (1, 127), 63199: (0, 2), 63213: (1, 126), 63227: (1, 126), 63241: (0, 127), 63255: (0, 3), 63269: (1, 127), 63283: (1, 126), 63297: (0, 125), 63311: (0, 3), 63325: (0, 0), 63339: (0, 0), 63353: (1, 0), 63367: (1, 3), 63381: (1, 126), 63395: (1, 124), 63409: (1, 124), 63423: (1, 127), 63437: (1, 125), 63451: (1, 126), 63465: (0, 126), 63479: (0, 1), 63493: (1, 0), 63507: (0, 127), 63521: (0, 127), 63535: (0, 1), 63549: (0, 2), 63563: (0, 1), 63577: (1, 0), 63591: (0, 1), 63605: (255, 4), 63619: (0, 1), 63633: (0, 1), 63647: (1, 1), 63661: (0, 5), 63675: (0, 2), 63689: (0, 1), 63703: (1, 1), 63717: (0, 4), 63731: (1, 0), 63745: (1, 127), 63759: (1, 126), 63773: (2, 2), 63787: (1, 125), 63801: (1, 124), 63815: (1, 124), 63829: (1, 4), 63843: (1, 0), 63857: (0, 127), 63871: (255, 127), 63885: (255, 5), 63899: (0, 0), 63913: (0, 1), 63927: (0, 0), 63941: (255, 5), 63955: (255, 1), 63969: (0, 1), 63983: (255, 0), 63997: (255, 5), 64011: (255, 1), 64025: (0, 0), 64039: (255, 0), 64053: (255, 4), 64067: (255, 1), 64081: (0, 0), 64095: (0, 0), 64109: (0, 5), 64123: (255, 0), 64137: (255, 1), 64151: (255, 0), 64165: (0, 5), 64179: (0, 1), 64193: (255, 0), 64207: (255, 0), 64221: (255, 3), 64235: (0, 2), 64249: (0, 127), 64263: (0, 127), 64277: (1, 127), 64291: (0, 5), 64305: (0, 0), 64319: (255, 0), 64333: (0, 0), 64347: (1, 4), 64361: (0, 2), 64375: (0, 1), 64389: (255, 0), 64403: (255, 0), 64417: (255, 3), 64431: (0, 1), 64445: (0, 1), 64459: (255, 0), 64473: (255, 5), 64487: (0, 2), 64501: (0, 1), 64515: (0, 1), 64529: (0, 3), 64543: (0, 2), 64557: (255, 0), 64571: (255, 1), 64585: (0, 2), 64599: (0, 3), 64613: (0, 1), 64627: (0, 1), 64641: (255, 1), 64655: (0, 5), 64669: (0, 2), 64683: (255, 0), 64697: (1, 1), 64711: (1, 3), 64725: (1, 2), 64739: (1, 2), 64753: (0, 1), 64767: (0, 2), 64781: (0, 5), 64795: (255, 1), 64809: (255, 1), 64823: (255, 1), 64837: (0, 5), 64851: (0, 1), 64865: (0, 1), 64879: (255, 0), 64893: (0, 5), 64907: (0, 1), 64921: (255, 0), 64935: (254, 0), 64949: (255, 4), 64963: (254, 0), 64977: (254, 0), 64991: (255, 0), 65005: (255, 4), 65019: (255, 1), 65033: (255, 1), 65047: (254, 0), 65061: (255, 5), 65075: (255, 1), 65089: (0, 1), 65103: (255, 0), 65117: (255, 4), 65131: (254, 0), 65145: (254, 0), 65159: (255, 0), 65173: (255, 4), 65187: (255, 1), 65201: (255, 1), 65215: (254, 2), 65229: (255, 2), 65243: (255, 3), 65257: (255, 1), 65271: (255, 1), 65285: (255, 1), 65299: (255, 5), 65313: (255, 1), 65327: (255, 1), 65341: (255, 2), 65355: (255, 6), 65369: (255, 2), 65383: (255, 1), 65397: (254, 1), 65411: (255, 6), 65425: (255, 2), 65439: (255, 1), 65453: (255, 1), 65467: (255, 4), 65481: (255, 1), 65495: (0, 1), 65509: (0, 2), 65523: (0, 4), 65537: (1, 3), 65551: (0, 1), 65565: (0, 1), 65579: (255, 4), 65593: (0, 2), 65607: (0, 1), 65621: (0, 1), 65635: (0, 4), 65649: (255, 1), 65663: (254, 0), 65677: (255, 0), 65691: (0, 5), 65705: (1, 1), 65719: (255, 1), 65733: (255, 0), 65747: (0, 5), 65761: (1, 0), 65775: (1, 127), 65789: (1, 127), 65803: (0, 4), 65817: (0, 0), 65831: (0, 1), 65845: (0, 1), 65859: (0, 5), 65873: (0, 1), 65887: (0, 2), 65901: (0, 1), 65915: (255, 5), 65929: (255, 2), 65943: (0, 1), 65957: (1, 1), 65971: (0, 5), 65985: (0, 0), 65999: (255, 127), 66013: (0, 127), 66027: (1, 2), 66041: (1, 0), 66055: (0, 127), 66069: (255, 126), 66083: (255, 4), 66097: (0, 1), 66111: (0, 0), 66125: (0, 0), 66139: (0, 5), 66153: (0, 1), 66167: (255, 0), 66181: (255, 0), 66195: (0, 4), 66209: (255, 0), 66223: (0, 0), 66237: (255, 127), 66251: (255, 4), 66265: (255, 0), 66279: (255, 0), 66293: (0, 1), 66307: (255, 4), 66321: (255, 1), 66335: (255, 0), 66349: (255, 0), 66363: (255, 0), 66377: (0, 3), 66391: (255, 0), 66405: (255, 0), 66419: (255, 0), 66433: (0, 3), 66447: (0, 1), 66461: (0, 1), 66475: (0, 0), 66489: (1, 0), 66503: (1, 5), 66517: (1, 1), 66531: (1, 1), 66545: (1, 0), 66559: (1, 3), 66573: (0, 3), 66587: (0, 1), 66601: (0, 1), 66615: (0, 1), 66629: (0, 5), 66643: (0, 2), 66657: (0, 1), 66671: (0, 0), 66685: (1, 5), 66699: (1, 2), 66713: (2, 0), 66727: (1, 0), 66741: (0, 3), 66755: (0, 2), 66769: (1, 1), 66783: (0, 0), 66797: (0, 0), 66811: (0, 3), 66825: (2, 1), 66839: (1, 0), 66853: (1, 0), 66867: (1, 3), 66881: (1, 0), 66895: (0, 0), 66909: (0, 127), 66923: (0, 4), 66937: (0, 0), 66951: (0, 0), 66965: (0, 127), 66979: (0, 4), 66993: (0, 1), 67007: (0, 1), 67021: (0, 0), 67035: (1, 3), 67049: (1, 0), 67063: (0, 127), 67077: (0, 126), 67091: (0, 127), 67105: (0, 4), 67119: (0, 0), 67133: (255, 127), 67147: (255, 127), 67161: (255, 3), 67175: (0, 0), 67189: (0, 127), 67203: (0, 127), 67217: (0, 4), 67231: (0, 0), 67245: (0, 0), 67259: (0, 127), 67273: (255, 3), 67287: (0, 0), 67301: (0, 127), 67315: (255, 127), 67329: (255, 3), 67343: (255, 127), 67357: (255, 127), 67371: (0, 0), 67385: (0, 5), 67399: (255, 0), 67413: (255, 0), 67427: (0, 0), 67441: (0, 3), 67455: (0, 3), 67469: (255, 1), 67483: (255, 0), 67497: (0, 0), 67511: (0, 5), 67525: (255, 0), 67539: (255, 0), 67553: (0, 127), 67567: (0, 3), 67581: (0, 1), 67595: (255, 127), 67609: (0, 126), 67623: (0, 126), 67637: (1, 1), 67651: (1, 127), 67665: (0, 127), 67679: (0, 127), 67693: (0, 3), 67707: (0, 0), 67721: (0, 127), 67735: (0, 0), 67749: (0, 0), 67763: (0, 3), 67777: (0, 0), 67791: (0, 127), 67805: (0, 127), 67819: (0, 3), 67833: (0, 0), 67847: (255, 127), 67861: (0, 127), 67875: (255, 0), 67889: (1, 1), 67903: (1, 127), 67917: (0, 126), 67931: (0, 126), 67945: (0, 3), 67959: (0, 0), 67973: (0, 127), 67987: (0, 0), 68001: (0, 1), 68015: (1, 2), 68029: (1, 0), 68043: (1, 0), 68057: (1, 127), 68071: (1, 2), 68085: (0, 0), 68099: (255, 0), 68113: (0, 1), 68127: (0, 5), 68141: (0, 1), 68155: (0, 0), 68169: (1, 1), 68183: (0, 4), 68197: (0, 1), 68211: (0, 1), 68225: (1, 0), 68239: (1, 2), 68253: (0, 3), 68267: (0, 0), 68281: (0, 0), 68295: (0, 0), 68309: (0, 4), 68323: (0, 1), 68337: (0, 0), 68351: (0, 0), 68365: (0, 5), 68379: (1, 1), 68393: (0, 127), 68407: (0, 127), 68421: (0, 3), 68435: (0, 1), 68449: (0, 0), 68463: (0, 0), 68477: (0, 2), 68491: (0, 3), 68505: (0, 1), 68519: (255, 1), 68533: (255, 1), 68547: (0, 4), 68561: (0, 1), 68575: (0, 1), 68589: (255, 0), 68603: (255, 5), 68617: (255, 1), 68631: (0, 1), 68645: (0, 1), 68659: (0, 4), 68673: (255, 2), 68687: (0, 1), 68701: (0, 1), 68715: (0, 2), 68729: (0, 2), 68743: (0, 1), 68757: (255, 0), 68771: (0, 1), 68785: (0, 3), 68799: (0, 0), 68813: (0, 1), 68827: (1, 1), 68841: (1, 5), 68855: (1, 2), 68869: (1, 2), 68883: (1, 2), 68897: (2, 6), 68911: (2, 2), 68925: (1, 1), 68939: (1, 1), 68953: (1, 6), 68967: (2, 2), 68981: (2, 2), 68995: (2, 1), 69009: (1, 5), 69023: (1, 2), 69037: (1, 1), 69051: (1, 1), 69065: (1, 5), 69079: (2, 2), 69093: (1, 1), 69107: (0, 1), 69121: (0, 3), 69135: (1, 3), 69149: (2, 1), 69163: (2, 1), 69177: (2, 1), 69191: (1, 5), 69205: (1, 1), 69219: (1, 0), 69233: (2, 0), 69247: (1, 5), 69261: (0, 1), 69275: (0, 0), 69289: (255, 1), 69303: (255, 0), 69317: (0, 4), 69331: (0, 1), 69345: (0, 0), 69359: (0, 0), 69373: (255, 4), 69387: (255, 0), 69401: (0, 0), 69415: (1, 0), 69429: (0, 4), 69443: (255, 1), 69457: (255, 0), 69471: (255, 0), 69485: (0, 2), 69499: (0, 2), 69513: (255, 0), 69527: (254, 127), 69541: (254, 2), 69555: (255, 1), 69569: (255, 0), 69583: (255, 0), 69597: (255, 1), 69611: (255, 2), 69625: (255, 0), 69639: (254, 0), 69653: (254, 0), 69667: (255, 4), 69681: (255, 0), 69695: (255, 0), 69709: (254, 0), 69723: (254, 0), 69737: (255, 3), 69751: (0, 1), 69765: (255, 0), 69779: (254, 0), 69793: (254, 0), 69807: (255, 3), 69821: (0, 1), 69835: (0, 1), 69849: (255, 0), 69863: (255, 0), 69877: (255, 4), 69891: (0, 1), 69905: (0, 1), 69919: (0, 1), 69933: (255, 1), 69947: (255, 3), 69961: (255, 1), 69975: (255, 1), 69989: (255, 0), 70003: (255, 3), 70017: (255, 2), 70031: (255, 1), 70045: (255, 0), 70059: (255, 1), 70073: (0, 5), 70087: (0, 1), 70101: (0, 0), 70115: (255, 0), 70129: (255, 0), 70143: (255, 4), 70157: (0, 3), 70171: (0, 2), 70185: (255, 1), 70199: (255, 1), 70213: (255, 3), 70227: (0, 1), 70241: (0, 2), 70255: (255, 1), 70269: (255, 5), 70283: (255, 2), 70297: (255, 1), 70311: (0, 1), 70325: (0, 5), 70339: (0, 2), 70353: (0, 1), 70367: (255, 1), 70381: (255, 5), 70395: (0, 2), 70409: (0, 1), 70423: (0, 2), 70437: (0, 5), 70451: (255, 2), 70465: (255, 1), 70479: (0, 3), 70493: (0, 3), 70507: (255, 1), 70521: (255, 0), 70535: (255, 3), 70549: (255, 2), 70563: (255, 0), 70577: (255, 0), 70591: (255, 4), 70605: (255, 1), 70619: (255, 0), 70633: (255, 0), 70647: (255, 4), 70661: (255, 0), 70675: (255, 0), 70689: (255, 2), 70703: (255, 2), 70717: (255, 1), 70731: (255, 1), 70745: (0, 3), 70759: (0, 2), 70773: (0, 127), 70787: (0, 0), 70801: (0, 3), 70815: (2, 3), 70829: (1, 2), 70843: (1, 2), 70857: (0, 1), 70871: (0, 3), 70885: (0, 1), 70899: (0, 0), 70913: (0, 1), 70927: (255, 3), 70941: (255, 1), 70955: (255, 1), 70969: (255, 1), 70983: (255, 4), 70997: (255, 2), 71011: (255, 1), 71025: (255, 2), 71039: (255, 4), 71053: (255, 2), 71067: (255, 1), 71081: (0, 1), 71095: (0, 4), 71109: (0, 2), 71123: (255, 1), 71137: (255, 0), 71151: (255, 5), 71165: (0, 1), 71179: (0, 0), 71193: (255, 0), 71207: (255, 5), 71221: (0, 0), 71235: (255, 127), 71249: (0, 125), 71263: (0, 1), 71277: (0, 126), 71291: (0, 126), 71305: (255, 127), 71319: (255, 3), 71333: (0, 1), 71347: (1, 0), 71361: (0, 127), 71375: (0, 2), 71389: (0, 0), 71403: (0, 0), 71417: (0, 0), 71431: (0, 1), 71445: (0, 1), 71459: (0, 0), 71473: (0, 127), 71487: (0, 0), 71501: (1, 3), 71515: (0, 0), 71529: (0, 0), 71543: (0, 0), 71557: (0, 5), 71571: (0, 0), 71585: (0, 0), 71599: (0, 0), 71613: (0, 5), 71627: (0, 0), 71641: (0, 0), 71655: (0, 127), 71669: (0, 5), 71683: (0, 1), 71697: (0, 1), 71711: (255, 0), 71725: (255, 5), 71739: (0, 1), 71753: (0, 1), 71767: (1, 0), 71781: (0, 4), 71795: (0, 0), 71809: (0, 0), 71823: (1, 0), 71837: (0, 3), 71851: (0, 1), 71865: (1, 0), 71879: (1, 127), 71893: (0, 2), 71907: (255, 1), 71921: (0, 0), 71935: (0, 0), 71949: (0, 1), 71963: (255, 2), 71977: (255, 0), 71991: (0, 0), 72005: (255, 0), 72019: (255, 3), 72033: (0, 0), 72047: (0, 1), 72061: (255, 0), 72075: (255, 5), 72089: (0, 2), 72103: (0, 1), 72117: (255, 0), 72131: (254, 5), 72145: (255, 1), 72159: (0, 1), 72173: (255, 0), 72187: (255, 3), 72201: (255, 2), 72215: (255, 1), 72229: (255, 1), 72243: (0, 1), 72257: (255, 5), 72271: (0, 1), 72285: (0, 0), 72299: (0, 127), 72313: (0, 2), 72327: (0, 0), 72341: (255, 0), 72355: (0, 0), 72369: (0, 2), 72383: (255, 4), 72397: (255, 1), 72411: (255, 1), 72425: (0, 1), 72439: (0, 6), 72453: (255, 2), 72467: (255, 1), 72481: (255, 1), 72495: (255, 5), 72509: (255, 2), 72523: (255, 1), 72537: (0, 0), 72551: (255, 2), 72565: (255, 3), 72579: (255, 1), 72593: (0, 1), 72607: (0, 1), 72621: (0, 6), 72635: (255, 1), 72649: (254, 1), 72663: (254, 0), 72677: (255, 5), 72691: (0, 1), 72705: (255, 0), 72719: (254, 127), 72733: (254, 4), 72747: (255, 1), 72761: (255, 0), 72775: (255, 0), 72789: (255, 3), 72803: (255, 1), 72817: (254, 0), 72831: (254, 0), 72845: (254, 2), 72859: (255, 2), 72873: (254, 0), 72887: (255, 0), 72901: (254, 0), 72915: (254, 4), 72929: (255, 0), 72943: (255, 0), 72957: (255, 0), 72971: (255, 1), 72985: (254, 2), 72999: (254, 1), 73013: (255, 0), 73027: (255, 0), 73041: (255, 4), 73055: (255, 2), 73069: (255, 0), 73083: (254, 0), 73097: (255, 1), 73111: (255, 5), 73125: (255, 2), 73139: (255, 1), 73153: (255, 1), 73167: (255, 1), 73181: (255, 5), 73195: (0, 2), 73209: (0, 2), 73223: (0, 2), 73237: (255, 3), 73251: (254, 3), 73265: (255, 2), 73279: (255, 1), 73293: (0, 2), 73307: (255, 6), 73321: (255, 2), 73335: (254, 1), 73349: (255, 1), 73363: (255, 1), 73377: (0, 5), 73391: (255, 1), 73405: (255, 0), 73419: (255, 1), 73433: (255, 2), 73447: (255, 2), 73461: (255, 1), 73475: (0, 1), 73489: (255, 2), 73503: (255, 4), 73517: (255, 1), 73531: (255, 1), 73545: (0, 1), 73559: (0, 5), 73573: (255, 2), 73587: (254, 1), 73601: (255, 2), 73615: (0, 6), 73629: (0, 2), 73643: (255, 1), 73657: (255, 1), 73671: (254, 6), 73685: (255, 2), 73699: (255, 1), 73713: (255, 0), 73727: (255, 5), 73741: (254, 1), 73755: (254, 0), 73769: (255, 0), 73783: (255, 4), 73797: (255, 1), 73811: (255, 0), 73825: (255, 0), 73839: (254, 4), 73853: (254, 0), 73867: (255, 0), 73881: (255, 0), 73895: (254, 4), 73909: (254, 0), 73923: (254, 0), 73937: (255, 0), 73951: (255, 5), 73965: (255, 1), 73979: (254, 0), 73993: (254, 0), 74007: (255, 5), 74021: (255, 1), 74035: (255, 0), 74049: (254, 0), 74063: (254, 4), 74077: (255, 3), 74091: (255, 1), 74105: (254, 0), 74119: (255, 2), 74133: (255, 2), 74147: (255, 2), 74161: (255, 1), 74175: (255, 0), 74189: (255, 6), 74203: (0, 2), 74217: (255, 1), 74231: (255, 1), 74245: (255, 4), 74259: (0, 3), 74273: (255, 2), 74287: (255, 2), 74301: (0, 2), 74315: (255, 6), 74329: (255, 2), 74343: (255, 2), 74357: (255, 1), 74371: (255, 5), 74385: (255, 2), 74399: (255, 2), 74413: (0, 1), 74427: (0, 3), 74441: (255, 3), 74455: (255, 2), 74469: (0, 1), 74483: (0, 1), 74497: (0, 6), 74511: (0, 2), 74525: (0, 1), 74539: (1, 1), 74553: (1, 6), 74567: (2, 3), 74581: (0, 1), 74595: (0, 1), 74609: (0, 5), 74623: (0, 2), 74637: (1, 2), 74651: (1, 1), 74665: (0, 6), 74679: (0, 1), 74693: (0, 0), 74707: (1, 1), 74721: (0, 5), 74735: (0, 1), 74749: (1, 2), 74763: (1, 0), 74777: (0, 4), 74791: (1, 127), 74805: (0, 1), 74819: (0, 0), 74833: (1, 4), 74847: (0, 0), 74861: (0, 0), 74875: (0, 127), 74889: (0, 4), 74903: (0, 0), 74917: (255, 127), 74931: (255, 127), 74945: (0, 5), 74959: (0, 0), 74973: (0, 0), 74987: (255, 0), 75001: (0, 5), 75015: (0, 0), 75029: (255, 1), 75043: (255, 1), 75057: (255, 4), 75071: (255, 1), 75085: (255, 1), 75099: (255, 0), 75113: (255, 5), 75127: (0, 0), 75141: (255, 1), 75155: (0, 1), 75169: (255, 6), 75183: (255, 1), 75197: (255, 1), 75211: (0, 0), 75225: (0, 7), 75239: (0, 2), 75253: (255, 1), 75267: (255, 1), 75281: (255, 6), 75295: (255, 2), 75309: (255, 1), 75323: (255, 0), 75337: (255, 5), 75351: (255, 1), 75365: (255, 0), 75379: (255, 0), 75393: (255, 5), 75407: (255, 1), 75421: (255, 0), 75435: (255, 0), 75449: (255, 4), 75463: (255, 1), 75477: (255, 0), 75491: (255, 0), 75505: (255, 5), 75519: (255, 2), 75533: (0, 1), 75547: (1, 1), 75561: (0, 5), 75575: (1, 3), 75589: (1, 2), 75603: (1, 1), 75617: (0, 3), 75631: (1, 2), 75645: (1, 127), 75659: (0, 0), 75673: (255, 0), 75687: (0, 4), 75701: (0, 2), 75715: (0, 0), 75729: (0, 1), 75743: (0, 6), 75757: (0, 1), 75771: (0, 0), 75785: (0, 0), 75799: (0, 1), 75813: (0, 3), 75827: (255, 1), 75841: (255, 1), 75855: (255, 0), 75869: (255, 5), 75883: (255, 1), 75897: (255, 1), 75911: (255, 1), 75925: (255, 5), 75939: (255, 1), 75953: (255, 1), 75967: (0, 1), 75981: (255, 5), 75995: (0, 1), 76009: (0, 0), 76023: (255, 127), 76037: (255, 3), 76051: (0, 127), 76065: (0, 127), 76079: (0, 127), 76093: (0, 4), 76107: (0, 0), 76121: (255, 0), 76135: (0, 0), 76149: (0, 3), 76163: (0, 1), 76177: (255, 0), 76191: (255, 0), 76205: (255, 4), 76219: (0, 1), 76233: (0, 0), 76247: (0, 0), 76261: (0, 4), 76275: (0, 1), 76289: (0, 1), 76303: (1, 1), 76317: (1, 4), 76331: (2, 1), 76345: (2, 1), 76359: (1, 1), 76373: (0, 5), 76387: (1, 2), 76401: (1, 1), 76415: (1, 1), 76429: (0, 5), 76443: (0, 2), 76457: (255, 0), 76471: (0, 127), 76485: (0, 5), 76499: (0, 0), 76513: (255, 0), 76527: (255, 0), 76541: (255, 2), 76555: (255, 0), 76569: (255, 0), 76583: (0, 3), 76597: (0, 1), 76611: (255, 0), 76625: (255, 0), 76639: (255, 5), 76653: (255, 0), 76667: (0, 0), 76681: (0, 0), 76695: (255, 4), 76709: (254, 0), 76723: (255, 127), 76737: (255, 127), 76751: (0, 4), 76765: (255, 0), 76779: (255, 2), 76793: (255, 1), 76807: (255, 5), 76821: (0, 1), 76835: (0, 1), 76849: (0, 1), 76863: (255, 5), 76877: (255, 1), 76891: (255, 1), 76905: (255, 1), 76919: (255, 4), 76933: (0, 2), 76947: (0, 1), 76961: (255, 0), 76975: (254, 4), 76989: (255, 2), 77003: (255, 1), 77017: (0, 1), 77031: (255, 1), 77045: (255, 4), 77059: (255, 2), 77073: (0, 2), 77087: (0, 1), 77101: (0, 6), 77115: (255, 2), 77129: (255, 1), 77143: (255, 1), 77157: (0, 5), 77171: (0, 2), 77185: (255, 1), 77199: (255, 0), 77213: (255, 5), 77227: (255, 2), 77241: (255, 1), 77255: (255, 1), 77269: (255, 5), 77283: (0, 2), 77297: (255, 1), 77311: (255, 0), 77325: (0, 4), 77339: (1, 127), 77353: (1, 127), 77367: (0, 125), 77381: (0, 0), 77395: (0, 124), 77409: (1, 123), 77423: (1, 124), 77437: (0, 2), 77451: (0, 127), 77465: (0, 127), 77479: (0, 1), 77493: (1, 2), 77507: (1, 0), 77521: (1, 0), 77535: (1, 3), 77549: (1, 2), 77563: (1, 1), 77577: (0, 0), 77591: (0, 4), 77605: (0, 1), 77619: (0, 0), 77633: (0, 127), 77647: (255, 4), 77661: (0, 0), 77675: (1, 0), 77689: (0, 127), 77703: (255, 3), 77717: (255, 126), 77731: (0, 126), 77745: (1, 0), 77759: (1, 1), 77773: (0, 127), 77787: (0, 127), 77801: (0, 2), 77815: (0, 0), 77829: (0, 127), 77843: (0, 127), 77857: (0, 4), 77871: (0, 1), 77885: (0, 0), 77899: (0, 0), 77913: (0, 4), 77927: (0, 1), 77941: (0, 0), 77955: (0, 1), 77969: (0, 3), 77983: (255, 1), 77997: (0, 0), 78011: (0, 2), 78025: (0, 3), 78039: (0, 1), 78053: (0, 0), 78067: (255, 3), 78081: (0, 0), 78095: (0, 0), 78109: (0, 1), 78123: (255, 4), 78137: (255, 1), 78151: (0, 1), 78165: (1, 1), 78179: (0, 5), 78193: (0, 1), 78207: (0, 1), 78221: (255, 1), 78235: (0, 6), 78249: (0, 1), 78263: (0, 0), 78277: (0, 2), 78291: (0, 5), 78305: (255, 1), 78319: (255, 0), 78333: (0, 0), 78347: (0, 3), 78361: (255, 0), 78375: (255, 127), 78389: (254, 1), 78403: (255, 1), 78417: (255, 0), 78431: (255, 127), 78445: (255, 3), 78459: (254, 0), 78473: (255, 127), 78487: (255, 127), 78501: (0, 5), 78515: (0, 0), 78529: (0, 127), 78543: (1, 0), 78557: (0, 6), 78571: (0, 1), 78585: (0, 0), 78599: (0, 0), 78613: (0, 5), 78627: (255, 1), 78641: (255, 0), 78655: (255, 0), 78669: (0, 4), 78683: (0, 1), 78697: (255, 1), 78711: (255, 1), 78725: (255, 3), 78739: (255, 0), 78753: (255, 1), 78767: (255, 2), 78781: (255, 2), 78795: (255, 1), 78809: (255, 0), 78823: (0, 3), 78837: (0, 3), 78851: (255, 1), 78865: (255, 0), 78879: (0, 1), 78893: (0, 2), 78907: (254, 0), 78921: (255, 0), 78935: (255, 2), 78949: (0, 1), 78963: (255, 0), 78977: (254, 0), 78991: (254, 3), 79005: (255, 1), 79019: (0, 1), 79033: (255, 0), 79047: (255, 3), 79061: (255, 0), 79075: (0, 1), 79089: (0, 127), 79103: (0, 2), 79117: (0, 2), 79131: (1, 2), 79145: (0, 1), 79159: (0, 4), 79173: (255, 0), 79187: (255, 0), 79201: (0, 0), 79215: (255, 3), 79229: (255, 2), 79243: (0, 1), 79257: (1, 1), 79271: (1, 5), 79285: (1, 1), 79299: (0, 127), 79313: (0, 0), 79327: (1, 0), 79341: (2, 2), 79355: (2, 1), 79369: (1, 1), 79383: (0, 0), 79397: (0, 3), 79411: (0, 1), 79425: (0, 0), 79439: (0, 1), 79453: (0, 2), 79467: (255, 1), 79481: (0, 1), 79495: (0, 3), 79509: (0, 2), 79523: (0, 0), 79537: (0, 0), 79551: (0, 3), 79565: (255, 0), 79579: (255, 127), 79593: (0, 0), 79607: (0, 4), 79621: (0, 0), 79635: (255, 127), 79649: (255, 127), 79663: (255, 3), 79677: (0, 127), 79691: (0, 127), 79705: (255, 127), 79719: (255, 3), 79733: (255, 0), 79747: (0, 0), 79761: (0, 0), 79775: (0, 3), 79789: (0, 0), 79803: (0, 0), 79817: (0, 2), 79831: (0, 2), 79845: (255, 0), 79859: (0, 0), 79873: (0, 2), 79887: (0, 1), 79901: (255, 127), 79915: (254, 127), 79929: (255, 3), 79943: (0, 2), 79957: (0, 1), 79971: (255, 127), 79985: (254, 0), 79999: (255, 1), 80013: (255, 127), 80027: (0, 127), 80041: (0, 127), 80055: (255, 2), 80069: (254, 0), 80083: (255, 0), 80097: (255, 127), 80111: (255, 127), 80125: (255, 0), 80139: (255, 2), 80153: (255, 0), 80167: (254, 0), 80181: (255, 0), 80195: (0, 0), 80209: (0, 3), 80223: (0, 1), 80237: (255, 0), 80251: (255, 0), 80265: (255, 3), 80279: (0, 3), 80293: (1, 1), 80307: (0, 0), 80321: (255, 0), 80335: (255, 3), 80349: (0, 0), 80363: (0, 127), 80377: (0, 127), 80391: (0, 2), 80405: (0, 1), 80419: (0, 1), 80433: (255, 0), 80447: (0, 0), 80461: (0, 4), 80475: (0, 0), 80489: (0, 1), 80503: (0, 0), 80517: (255, 3), 80531: (1, 1), 80545: (2, 2), 80559: (2, 1), 80573: (1, 0), 80587: (0, 2), 80601: (1, 127), 80615: (2, 127), 80629: (2, 127), 80643: (1, 3), 80657: (0, 127), 80671: (0, 127), 80685: (0, 127), 80699: (1, 2), 80713: (1, 1), 80727: (0, 127), 80741: (0, 127), 80755: (0, 1), 80769: (0, 0), 80783: (0, 127), 80797: (0, 126), 80811: (0, 127), 80825: (255, 0), 80839: (255, 126), 80853: (255, 126), 80867: (0, 127), 80881: (0, 0), 80895: (255, 126), 80909: (254, 126), 80923: (255, 1), 80937: (0, 0), 80951: (0, 0), 80965: (0, 127), 80979: (255, 1), 80993: (255, 1), 81007: (255, 127), 81021: (0, 127), 81035: (0, 0), 81049: (0, 1), 81063: (255, 0), 81077: (255, 127), 81091: (0, 0), 81105: (255, 4), 81119: (255, 0), 81133: (255, 127), 81147: (0, 1), 81161: (0, 3), 81175: (0, 1), 81189: (255, 0), 81203: (255, 0), 81217: (255, 0), 81231: (0, 4), 81245: (0, 2), 81259: (1, 0), 81273: (1, 127), 81287: (0, 4), 81301: (1, 1), 81315: (1, 0), 81329: (0, 0), 81343: (0, 1), 81357: (0, 2), 81371: (0, 1), 81385: (0, 1), 81399: (0, 1), 81413: (0, 5), 81427: (0, 1), 81441: (0, 0), 81455: (0, 127), 81469: (0, 3), 81483: (1, 1), 81497: (0, 127), 81511: (0, 126), 81525: (0, 126), 81539: (1, 3), 81553: (1, 0), 81567: (0, 127), 81581: (255, 126), 81595: (255, 3), 81609: (255, 0), 81623: (255, 127), 81637: (0, 127), 81651: (255, 3), 81665: (255, 0), 81679: (255, 0), 81693: (0, 0), 81707: (255, 3), 81721: (0, 0), 81735: (255, 127), 81749: (255, 127), 81763: (255, 127), 81777: (255, 1), 81791: (255, 0), 81805: (0, 0), 81819: (0, 0), 81833: (0, 4), 81847: (0, 1), 81861: (255, 0), 81875: (0, 0), 81889: (0, 4), 81903: (0, 2), 81917: (255, 0), 81931: (255, 0), 81945: (0, 1), 81959: (0, 2), 81973: (0, 2), 81987: (0, 0), 82001: (0, 1), 82015: (0, 5), 82029: (0, 1), 82043: (0, 1), 82057: (0, 0), 82071: (0, 3), 82085: (0, 1), 82099: (255, 1), 82113: (255, 0), 82127: (0, 1), 82141: (0, 3), 82155: (0, 1), 82169: (0, 0), 82183: (255, 0), 82197: (255, 4), 82211: (0, 2), 82225: (0, 0), 82239: (0, 0), 82253: (255, 3), 82267: (0, 1), 82281: (0, 1), 82295: (255, 0), 82309: (255, 0), 82323: (255, 2), 82337: (0, 0), 82351: (0, 1), 82365: (0, 1), 82379: (0, 4), 82393: (1, 1), 82407: (1, 0), 82421: (2, 0), 82435: (1, 4), 82449: (2, 0), 82463: (2, 0), 82477: (1, 0), 82491: (1, 5), 82505: (2, 0), 82519: (1, 127), 82533: (0, 0), 82547: (1, 5), 82561: (0, 1), 82575: (255, 0), 82589: (255, 1), 82603: (1, 5), 82617: (1, 2), 82631: (0, 1), 82645: (0, 0), 82659: (0, 3), 82673: (0, 1), 82687: (0, 1), 82701: (255, 0), 82715: (0, 3), 82729: (0, 1), 82743: (0, 0), 82757: (0, 1), 82771: (255, 1), 82785: (255, 0), 82799: (255, 0), 82813: (0, 2), 82827: (255, 1), 82841: (255, 0), 82855: (254, 127), 82869: (255, 2), 82883: (0, 1), 82897: (0, 0), 82911: (255, 127), 82925: (255, 3), 82939: (255, 0), 82953: (1, 0), 82967: (0, 0), 82981: (0, 4), 82995: (0, 0), 83009: (255, 0), 83023: (255, 0), 83037: (255, 3), 83051: (255, 1), 83065: (0, 0), 83079: (0, 1), 83093: (255, 4), 83107: (255, 1), 83121: (255, 0), 83135: (0, 2), 83149: (0, 4), 83163: (255, 2), 83177: (255, 0), 83191: (255, 1), 83205: (0, 2), 83219: (0, 3), 83233: (1, 2), 83247: (1, 1), 83261: (1, 0), 83275: (1, 4), 83289: (1, 2), 83303: (1, 1), 83317: (1, 1), 83331: (0, 5), 83345: (0, 0), 83359: (0, 0), 83373: (255, 0), 83387: (255, 4), 83401: (0, 2), 83415: (1, 1), 83429: (0, 0), 83443: (255, 4), 83457: (255, 1), 83471: (0, 1), 83485: (0, 0), 83499: (0, 4), 83513: (255, 0), 83527: (255, 127), 83541: (255, 127), 83555: (0, 3), 83569: (0, 127), 83583: (255, 125), 83597: (255, 125), 83611: (255, 2), 83625: (255, 0), 83639: (255, 0), 83653: (255, 127), 83667: (0, 3), 83681: (0, 0), 83695: (254, 127), 83709: (254, 127), 83723: (254, 1), 83737: (255, 1), 83751: (255, 127), 83765: (255, 127), 83779: (255, 127), 83793: (254, 3), 83807: (255, 0), 83821: (255, 127), 83835: (255, 127), 83849: (0, 0), 83863: (0, 4), 83877: (0, 127), 83891: (1, 0), 83905: (1, 127), 83919: (2, 0), 83933: (1, 4), 83947: (2, 3), 83961: (0, 0), 83975: (255, 127), 83989: (0, 3), 84003: (0, 1), 84017: (0, 0), 84031: (0, 0), 84045: (255, 0), 84059: (254, 3), 84073: (255, 1), 84087: (0, 2), 84101: (0, 0), 84115: (255, 0), 84129: (255, 4), 84143: (0, 1), 84157: (0, 1), 84171: (0, 0), 84185: (0, 3), 84199: (0, 1), 84213: (0, 1), 84227: (0, 0), 84241: (0, 0), 84255: (0, 3), 84269: (1, 1), 84283: (0, 1), 84297: (255, 0), 84311: (255, 4), 84325: (0, 1), 84339: (0, 0), 84353: (0, 0), 84367: (1, 2), 84381: (1, 2), 84395: (1, 0), 84409: (1, 2), 84423: (1, 1), 84437: (0, 3), 84451: (1, 1), 84465: (2, 1), 84479: (1, 0), 84493: (0, 5), 84507: (0, 1), 84521: (0, 0), 84535: (0, 1), 84549: (255, 4), 84563: (255, 1), 84577: (0, 0), 84591: (1, 1), 84605: (0, 4), 84619: (0, 2), 84633: (0, 0), 84647: (0, 0), 84661: (0, 3), 84675: (1, 2), 84689: (1, 1), 84703: (0, 0), 84717: (0, 2), 84731: (1, 1), 84745: (1, 1), 84759: (1, 127), 84773: (0, 2), 84787: (0, 0), 84801: (0, 127), 84815: (0, 127), 84829: (255, 0), 84843: (255, 3), 84857: (1, 1), 84871: (0, 0), 84885: (1, 127), 84899: (1, 4), 84913: (1, 127), 84927: (2, 0), 84941: (2, 0), 84955: (1, 5), 84969: (1, 0), 84983: (1, 0), 84997: (0, 127), 85011: (1, 5), 85025: (1, 1), 85039: (0, 0), 85053: (0, 0), 85067: (0, 4), 85081: (0, 1), 85095: (1, 1), 85109: (0, 0), 85123: (0, 4), 85137: (0, 1), 85151: (0, 0), 85165: (0, 127), 85179: (0, 3), 85193: (1, 1), 85207: (0, 0), 85221: (255, 0), 85235: (0, 3), 85249: (0, 1), 85263: (1, 127), 85277: (1, 127), 85291: (0, 0), 85305: (0, 2), 85319: (0, 0), 85333: (0, 0), 85347: (1, 0), 85361: (1, 3), 85375: (0, 1), 85389: (0, 0), 85403: (0, 0), 85417: (0, 4), 85431: (0, 1), 85445: (0, 0), 85459: (0, 0), 85473: (0, 5), 85487: (1, 2), 85501: (0, 1), 85515: (0, 1), 85529: (0, 5), 85543: (0, 2), 85557: (0, 0), 85571: (255, 1), 85585: (0, 3), 85599: (1, 1), 85613: (0, 127), 85627: (0, 126), 85641: (0, 126), 85655: (255, 3), 85669: (255, 0), 85683: (1, 0), 85697: (1, 0), 85711: (0, 2), 85725: (0, 127), 85739: (0, 0), 85753: (1, 1), 85767: (1, 3), 85781: (0, 2), 85795: (0, 0), 85809: (0, 1), 85823: (0, 1), 85837: (0, 2), 85851: (255, 0), 85865: (0, 0), 85879: (0, 0), 85893: (0, 4), 85907: (0, 1), 85921: (0, 1), 85935: (0, 1), 85949: (255, 5), 85963: (255, 1), 85977: (255, 1), 85991: (0, 1), 86005: (0, 6), 86019: (255, 2), 86033: (255, 1), 86047: (255, 1), 86061: (255, 5), 86075: (0, 2), 86089: (0, 1), 86103: (0, 1), 86117: (255, 4), 86131: (0, 2), 86145: (0, 1), 86159: (0, 1), 86173: (0, 1), 86187: (0, 3), 86201: (255, 1), 86215: (0, 1), 86229: (0, 2), 86243: (255, 4), 86257: (0, 2), 86271: (0, 1), 86285: (0, 1), 86299: (255, 4), 86313: (255, 1), 86327: (0, 0), 86341: (0, 0), 86355: (0, 5), 86369: (255, 0), 86383: (255, 0), 86397: (255, 127), 86411: (0, 3), 86425: (0, 0), 86439: (0, 0), 86453: (255, 0), 86467: (254, 4), 86481: (255, 1), 86495: (255, 0), 86509: (0, 0), 86523: (0, 3), 86537: (0, 2), 86551: (0, 1), 86565: (255, 0), 86579: (0, 3), 86593: (2, 2), 86607: (2, 0), 86621: (1, 0), 86635: (1, 1), 86649: (1, 3), 86663: (2, 1), 86677: (2, 127), 86691: (2, 0), 86705: (2, 0), 86719: (1, 1), 86733: (255, 0), 86747: (0, 0), 86761: (255, 4), 86775: (0, 1), 86789: (0, 0), 86803: (0, 1), 86817: (255, 4), 86831: (255, 0), 86845: (255, 0), 86859: (0, 0), 86873: (0, 4), 86887: (0, 2), 86901: (0, 1), 86915: (0, 0), 86929: (1, 2), 86943: (2, 2), 86957: (2, 2), 86971: (1, 1), 86985: (1, 1), 86999: (1, 3), 87013: (1, 0), 87027: (0, 0), 87041: (1, 0), 87055: (1, 4), 87069: (0, 0), 87083: (0, 0), 87097: (255, 0), 87111: (0, 5), 87125: (0, 1), 87139: (0, 1), 87153: (255, 0), 87167: (255, 5), 87181: (255, 0), 87195: (0, 0), 87209: (255, 0), 87223: (255, 5), 87237: (0, 1), 87251: (0, 0), 87265: (0, 0), 87279: (255, 4), 87293: (0, 0), 87307: (0, 0), 87321: (0, 127), 87335: (255, 4), 87349: (0, 0), 87363: (255, 127), 87377: (255, 127), 87391: (255, 4), 87405: (0, 2), 87419: (0, 1), 87433: (255, 1), 87447: (255, 4), 87461: (0, 1), 87475: (0, 0), 87489: (255, 0), 87503: (255, 0), 87517: (255, 3), 87531: (255, 1), 87545: (255, 0), 87559: (255, 0), 87573: (255, 3), 87587: (255, 2), 87601: (255, 1), 87615: (0, 1), 87629: (255, 0), 87643: (255, 4), 87657: (255, 1), 87671: (0, 2), 87685: (255, 1), 87699: (255, 0), 87713: (0, 4), 87727: (1, 1), 87741: (0, 0), 87755: (0, 0), 87769: (255, 0), 87783: (0, 5), 87797: (1, 1), 87811: (0, 0), 87825: (0, 127), 87839: (255, 126), 87853: (0, 3), 87867: (0, 0), 87881: (0, 0), 87895: (255, 127), 87909: (255, 2), 87923: (255, 0), 87937: (255, 127), 87951: (255, 127), 87965: (255, 127), 87979: (0, 4), 87993: (1, 2), 88007: (0, 1), 88021: (0, 0), 88035: (0, 127), 88049: (1, 1), 88063: (2, 1), 88077: (1, 0), 88091: (1, 0), 88105: (0, 3), 88119: (0, 1), 88133: (0, 0), 88147: (0, 1), 88161: (0, 0), 88175: (255, 3), 88189: (255, 1), 88203: (0, 1), 88217: (1, 1), 88231: (0, 3), 88245: (0, 2), 88259: (0, 1), 88273: (0, 1), 88287: (1, 1), 88301: (0, 4), 88315: (0, 1), 88329: (0, 1), 88343: (0, 1), 88357: (0, 4), 88371: (0, 1), 88385: (0, 0), 88399: (0, 0), 88413: (1, 127), 88427: (255, 4), 88441: (255, 0), 88455: (255, 0), 88469: (0, 127), 88483: (0, 4), 88497: (255, 0), 88511: (255, 127), 88525: (255, 127), 88539: (255, 3), 88553: (0, 1), 88567: (255, 0), 88581: (0, 0), 88595: (255, 2), 88609: (0, 2), 88623: (255, 0), 88637: (0, 1), 88651: (1, 1), 88665: (1, 3), 88679: (1, 3), 88693: (0, 0), 88707: (255, 0), 88721: (0, 3), 88735: (1, 2), 88749: (0, 0), 88763: (0, 0), 88777: (255, 5), 88791: (0, 1), 88805: (0, 1), 88819: (0, 1), 88833: (0, 5), 88847: (255, 2), 88861: (0, 1), 88875: (0, 2), 88889: (0, 4), 88903: (255, 2), 88917: (255, 1), 88931: (255, 1), 88945: (255, 1), 88959: (255, 4), 88973: (255, 2), 88987: (0, 1), 89001: (1, 2), 89015: (0, 5), 89029: (255, 2), 89043: (255, 1), 89057: (0, 1), 89071: (0, 5), 89085: (0, 2), 89099: (255, 1), 89113: (255, 1), 89127: (255, 3), 89141: (0, 3), 89155: (0, 1), 89169: (255, 1), 89183: (255, 1), 89197: (255, 2), 89211: (255, 0), 89225: (0, 0), 89239: (255, 0), 89253: (255, 3), 89267: (0, 0), 89281: (255, 0), 89295: (255, 0), 89309: (255, 4), 89323: (254, 0), 89337: (255, 0), 89351: (255, 0), 89365: (255, 3), 89379: (255, 0), 89393: (255, 127), 89407: (254, 127), 89421: (255, 3), 89435: (255, 127), 89449: (255, 127), 89463: (255, 0), 89477: (0, 0), 89491: (255, 3), 89505: (254, 0), 89519: (255, 1), 89533: (0, 1), 89547: (0, 2), 89561: (255, 2), 89575: (255, 1), 89589: (255, 1), 89603: (0, 1), 89617: (0, 5), 89631: (255, 1), 89645: (255, 1), 89659: (255, 0), 89673: (0, 1), 89687: (255, 2), 89701: (255, 0), 89715: (0, 1), 89729: (0, 0), 89743: (0, 5), 89757: (0, 1), 89771: (255, 1), 89785: (255, 1), 89799: (0, 1), 89813: (0, 4), 89827: (1, 2), 89841: (0, 0), 89855: (1, 0), 89869: (1, 3), 89883: (2, 2), 89897: (1, 127), 89911: (2, 0), 89925: (2, 1), 89939: (1, 2), 89953: (0, 1), 89967: (0, 0), 89981: (1, 0), 89995: (1, 4), 90009: (1, 1), 90023: (0, 1), 90037: (0, 0), 90051: (0, 4), 90065: (1, 3), 90079: (1, 2), 90093: (0, 1), 90107: (0, 5), 90121: (0, 2), 90135: (1, 1), 90149: (1, 1), 90163: (1, 4), 90177: (0, 1), 90191: (0, 1), 90205: (0, 0), 90219: (0, 3), 90233: (1, 1), 90247: (0, 0), 90261: (0, 0), 90275: (0, 1), 90289: (0, 1), 90303: (255, 127), 90317: (0, 0), 90331: (0, 1), 90345: (0, 2), 90359: (255, 127), 90373: (255, 0), 90387: (0, 1), 90401: (0, 2), 90415: (0, 0), 90429: (1, 0), 90443: (0, 127), 90457: (1, 2), 90471: (1, 1), 90485: (2, 1), 90499: (1, 0), 90513: (1, 4), 90527: (1, 1), 90541: (0, 0), 90555: (0, 1), 90569: (0, 5), 90583: (0, 2), 90597: (1, 1), 90611: (0, 0), 90625: (0, 4), 90639: (0, 1), 90653: (0, 1), 90667: (1, 1), 90681: (1, 2), 90695: (0, 2), 90709: (255, 0), 90723: (0, 0), 90737: (1, 127), 90751: (0, 3), 90765: (1, 0), 90779: (2, 127), 90793: (1, 127), 90807: (1, 3), 90821: (1, 127), 90835: (2, 127), 90849: (1, 127), 90863: (1, 3), 90877: (1, 1), 90891: (1, 127), 90905: (0, 0), 90919: (255, 4), 90933: (0, 1), 90947: (1, 0), 90961: (1, 0), 90975: (255, 4), 90989: (0, 0), 91003: (1, 0), 91017: (1, 0), 91031: (0, 5), 91045: (255, 0), 91059: (0, 1), 91073: (1, 2), 91087: (1, 3), 91101: (0, 1), 91115: (0, 0), 91129: (0, 3), 91143: (0, 2), 91157: (0, 1), 91171: (0, 1), 91185: (0, 5), 91199: (0, 1), 91213: (0, 0), 91227: (0, 1), 91241: (0, 6), 91255: (0, 1), 91269: (0, 1), 91283: (0, 1), 91297: (255, 3), 91311: (255, 0), 91325: (255, 0), 91339: (0, 4), 91353: (0, 1), 91367: (255, 0), 91381: (255, 127), 91395: (0, 5), 91409: (0, 0), 91423: (0, 0), 91437: (255, 0), 91451: (0, 2), 91465: (0, 0), 91479: (0, 0), 91493: (255, 4), 91507: (255, 1), 91521: (0, 0), 91535: (255, 0), 91549: (255, 5), 91563: (255, 0), 91577: (255, 0), 91591: (255, 0), 91605: (0, 5), 91619: (0, 1), 91633: (255, 0), 91647: (254, 0), 91661: (0, 6), 91675: (0, 2), 91689: (0, 1), 91703: (0, 1), 91717: (0, 5), 91731: (255, 1), 91745: (0, 1), 91759: (0, 1), 91773: (0, 5), 91787: (0, 1), 91801: (255, 0), 91815: (255, 1), 91829: (0, 4), 91843: (0, 0), 91857: (0, 0), 91871: (0, 1), 91885: (0, 5), 91899: (255, 1), 91913: (255, 1), 91927: (0, 2), 91941: (1, 5), 91955: (0, 2), 91969: (255, 0), 91983: (255, 2), 91997: (0, 4), 92011: (1, 2), 92025: (0, 1), 92039: (255, 3), 92053: (255, 3), 92067: (255, 2), 92081: (0, 0), 92095: (0, 4), 92109: (0, 2), 92123: (255, 1), 92137: (255, 0), 92151: (255, 5), 92165: (255, 1), 92179: (255, 0), 92193: (0, 1), 92207: (0, 5), 92221: (255, 0), 92235: (255, 0), 92249: (255, 2), 92263: (0, 2), 92277: (0, 0), 92291: (255, 0), 92305: (255, 4), 92319: (0, 1), 92333: (0, 127), 92347: (1, 127), 92361: (1, 5), 92375: (2, 2), 92389: (1, 1), 92403: (0, 0), 92417: (0, 5), 92431: (0, 0), 92445: (0, 1), 92459: (0, 0), 92473: (0, 5), 92487: (0, 1), 92501: (255, 1), 92515: (255, 0), 92529: (0, 5), 92543: (0, 1), 92557: (0, 0), 92571: (255, 1), 92585: (255, 3), 92599: (255, 0), 92613: (0, 2), 92627: (0, 2), 92641: (255, 3), 92655: (255, 0), 92669: (0, 2), 92683: (0, 4), 92697: (0, 3), 92711: (255, 1), 92725: (255, 0), 92739: (255, 4), 92753: (0, 2), 92767: (255, 0), 92781: (255, 0), 92795: (255, 6), 92809: (0, 1), 92823: (255, 0), 92837: (255, 0), 92851: (255, 5), 92865: (0, 1), 92879: (0, 1), 92893: (255, 2), 92907: (255, 5), 92921: (0, 2), 92935: (0, 2), 92949: (0, 2), 92963: (0, 3), 92977: (255, 1), 92991: (255, 0), 93005: (0, 4), 93019: (0, 3), 93033: (255, 1), 93047: (255, 1), 93061: (255, 4), 93075: (255, 2), 93089: (0, 2), 93103: (255, 1), 93117: (0, 6), 93131: (255, 1), 93145: (0, 1), 93159: (0, 0), 93173: (0, 5), 93187: (0, 0), 93201: (0, 0), 93215: (255, 0), 93229: (0, 3), 93243: (255, 0), 93257: (255, 0), 93271: (0, 3), 93285: (255, 0), 93299: (255, 127), 93313: (254, 127), 93327: (0, 5), 93341: (0, 0), 93355: (0, 127), 93369: (255, 0), 93383: (255, 2), 93397: (255, 0), 93411: (0, 0), 93425: (255, 2), 93439: (0, 127), 93453: (0, 126), 93467: (255, 127), 93481: (0, 3), 93495: (255, 0), 93509: (255, 127), 93523: (255, 0), 93537: (255, 3), 93551: (0, 1), 93565: (255, 1), 93579: (254, 0), 93593: (1, 2), 93607: (2, 3), 93621: (1, 0), 93635: (1, 0), 93649: (1, 1), 93663: (0, 6), 93677: (1, 0), 93691: (0, 0), 93705: (255, 127), 93719: (255, 5), 93733: (0, 0), 93747: (255, 127), 93761: (255, 127), 93775: (255, 3), 93789: (0, 1), 93803: (0, 1), 93817: (255, 127), 93831: (254, 3), 93845: (255, 1), 93859: (0, 0), 93873: (255, 127), 93887: (0, 3), 93901: (255, 0), 93915: (255, 127), 93929: (255, 127), 93943: (0, 3), 93957: (0, 0), 93971: (255, 127), 93985: (254, 126), 93999: (254, 4), 94013: (255, 127), 94027: (255, 127), 94041: (255, 127), 94055: (254, 3), 94069: (255, 0), 94083: (255, 127), 94097: (254, 127), 94111: (254, 3), 94125: (0, 1), 94139: (0, 0), 94153: (255, 0), 94167: (254, 4), 94181: (255, 0), 94195: (255, 1), 94209: (255, 0), 94223: (255, 5), 94237: (255, 0), 94251: (255, 1), 94265: (255, 0), 94279: (1, 6), 94293: (2, 2), 5: (2, 125), 19: (255, 0), 33: (255, 5), 47: (1, 125), 61: (0, 0), 75: (254, 0), 89: (254, 127), 103: (6, 0), 117: (245, 3), 131: (254, 1), 145: (9, 2), 159: (0, 0), 173: (1, 0), 187: (255, 0), 201: (0, 127), 215: (0, 3), 229: (7, 0), 243: (3, 1), 257: (0, 1), 271: (255, 2), 285: (255, 127), 299: (9, 2), 313: (243, 3), 327: (255, 2), 341: (254, 0), 355: (0, 1), 369: (248, 124), 383: (1, 3), 397: (253, 117), 411: (255, 127), 425: (1, 1), 439: (254, 0), 453: (245, 6), 467: (254, 1), 481: (254, 127), 495: (6, 127), 509: (255, 127), 523: (255, 1), 537: (255, 126), 551: (254, 3), 565: (0, 127), 579: (254, 3), 593: (5, 0), 607: (255, 3), 621: (250, 126), 635: (250, 123), 649: (1, 2), 663: (255, 1), 677: (0, 1), 691: (255, 2), 705: (0, 1), 719: (0, 2), 733: (0, 126), 747: (3, 125), 761: (255, 2), 775: (255, 0), 789: (5, 127), 803: (5, 126), 817: (0, 0), 831: (1, 126), 845: (0, 1), 859: (2, 127), 873: (1, 126), 887: (254, 124), 901: (2, 127), 915: (2, 0), 929: (0, 126), 943: (0, 125), 957: (2, 126), 971: (1, 126), 985: (1, 2), 999: (1, 126), 1013: (1, 126), 1027: (1, 126), 1041: (2, 126), 1055: (1, 2), 1069: (0, 126), 1083: (0, 125), 1097: (2, 126), 1111: (1, 125), 1125: (0, 126), 1139: (0, 126), 1153: (1, 126), 1167: (1, 126), 1181: (1, 126), 1195: (1, 1), 1209: (1, 0), 1223: (0, 126), 1237: (1, 127), 1251: (1, 127), 1265: (0, 3), 1279: (0, 127), 1293: (1, 127), 1307: (1, 127), 1321: (0, 127), 1335: (1, 2), 1349: (1, 127), 1363: (1, 127), 1377: (1, 126), 1391: (2, 4), 1405: (1, 126), 1419: (1, 126), 1433: (2, 126), 1447: (2, 127), 1461: (1, 127), 1475: (0, 126), 1489: (1, 126), 1503: (2, 126), 1517: (1, 2), 1531: (1, 125), 1545: (2, 125), 1559: (2, 125), 1573: (1, 0), 1587: (1, 127), 1601: (1, 126), 1615: (1, 126), 1629: (1, 126), 1643: (1, 3), 1657: (1, 126), 1671: (0, 126), 1685: (0, 126), 1699: (1, 1), 1713: (2, 0), 1727: (0, 126), 1741: (0, 126), 1755: (0, 0), 1769: (0, 0), 1783: (0, 127), 1797: (1, 0), 1811: (1, 127), 1825: (1, 4), 1839: (1, 0), 1853: (0, 127), 1867: (0, 127), 1881: (1, 3), 1895: (2, 0), 1909: (1, 127), 1923: (0, 127), 1937: (0, 1), 1951: (1, 0), 1965: (1, 0), 1979: (1, 127), 1993: (1, 127), 2007: (0, 3), 2021: (0, 0), 2035: (1, 127), 2049: (1, 127), 2063: (1, 4), 2077: (0, 0), 2091: (1, 127), 2105: (1, 0), 2119: (0, 3), 2133: (0, 0), 2147: (1, 127), 2161: (2, 0), 2175: (1, 127), 2189: (1, 3), 2203: (0, 127), 2217: (0, 126), 2231: (1, 126), 2245: (2, 3), 2259: (2, 126), 2273: (0, 126), 2287: (0, 127), 2301: (1, 2), 2315: (2, 1), 2329: (1, 0), 2343: (1, 127), 2357: (2, 127), 2371: (1, 2), 2385: (1, 0), 2399: (1, 127), 2413: (1, 127), 2427: (1, 1), 2441: (1, 1), 2455: (0, 127), 2469: (1, 126), 2483: (2, 127), 2497: (2, 4), 2511: (2, 127), 2525: (1, 126), 2539: (1, 125), 2553: (2, 0), 2567: (4, 127), 2581: (3, 126), 2595: (2, 125), 2609: (1, 126), 2623: (1, 0), 2637: (2, 127), 2651: (1, 126), 2665: (1, 126), 2679: (1, 2), 2693: (1, 127), 2707: (1, 127), 2721: (0, 127), 2735: (1, 3), 2749: (2, 127), 2763: (1, 127), 2777: (1, 126), 2791: (1, 0), 2805: (1, 1), 2819: (1, 127), 2833: (2, 127), 2847: (2, 0), 2861: (1, 1), 2875: (1, 126), 2889: (2, 127), 2903: (2, 127), 2917: (1, 127), 2931: (1, 0), 2945: (1, 126), 2959: (1, 126), 2973: (0, 126), 2987: (1, 2), 3001: (1, 0), 3015: (1, 127), 3029: (0, 127), 3043: (1, 3), 3057: (2, 127), 3071: (2, 125), 3085: (2, 125), 3099: (2, 2), 3113: (2, 127), 3127: (1, 125), 3141: (1, 125), 3155: (1, 3), 3169: (1, 127), 3183: (1, 127), 3197: (1, 126), 3211: (1, 1), 3225: (1, 0), 3239: (2, 126), 3253: (2, 126), 3267: (1, 127), 3281: (0, 1), 3295: (1, 127), 3309: (1, 127), 3323: (0, 126), 3337: (1, 3), 3351: (1, 0), 3365: (1, 127), 3379: (0, 126), 3393: (0, 4), 3407: (1, 127), 3421: (1, 126), 3435: (1, 126), 3449: (1, 2), 3463: (1, 126), 3477: (1, 126), 3491: (3, 127), 3505: (3, 3), 3519: (2, 0), 3533: (2, 127), 3547: (2, 127), 3561: (2, 1), 3575: (2, 1), 3589: (2, 127), 3603: (1, 126), 3617: (2, 127), 3631: (1, 2), 3645: (1, 127), 3659: (2, 127), 3673: (2, 125), 3687: (2, 2), 3701: (3, 0), 3715: (2, 127), 3729: (2, 126), 3743: (3, 1), 3757: (3, 0), 3771: (2, 126), 3785: (1, 125), 3799: (1, 125), 3813: (2, 0), 3827: (1, 126), 3841: (2, 126), 3855: (2, 125), 3869: (0, 2), 3883: (0, 126), 3897: (1, 126), 3911: (1, 127), 3925: (1, 3), 3939: (1, 127), 3953: (1, 127), 3967: (1, 126), 3981: (2, 1), 3995: (3, 1), 4009: (3, 0), 4023: (2, 127), 4037: (3, 0), 4051: (2, 1), 4065: (1, 127), 4079: (1, 127), 4093: (1, 127), 4107: (1, 4), 4121: (1, 127), 4135: (0, 126), 4149: (1, 127), 4163: (2, 5), 4177: (2, 127), 4191: (3, 126), 4205: (2, 127), 4219: (1, 0), 4233: (1, 0), 4247: (1, 126), 4261: (1, 126), 4275: (1, 126), 4289: (2, 3), 4303: (2, 127), 4317: (1, 126), 4331: (1, 126), 4345: (1, 3), 4359: (2, 0), 4373: (1, 126), 4387: (1, 126), 4401: (1, 125), 4415: (1, 1), 4429: (1, 126), 4443: (2, 126), 4457: (1, 126), 4471: (0, 3), 4485: (0, 127), 4499: (1, 126), 4513: (1, 126), 4527: (0, 2), 4541: (1, 127), 4555: (1, 126), 4569: (1, 126), 4583: (1, 0), 4597: (2, 0), 4611: (2, 127), 4625: (1, 127), 4639: (1, 125), 4653: (1, 126), 4667: (1, 125), 4681: (1, 126), 4695: (2, 3), 4709: (1, 127), 4723: (0, 126), 4737: (1, 126), 4751: (2, 127), 4765: (1, 126), 4779: (1, 2), 4793: (1, 126), 4807: (1, 126), 4821: (1, 126), 4835: (2, 126), 4849: (2, 1), 4863: (1, 127), 4877: (1, 126), 4891: (3, 126), 4905: (3, 125), 4919: (3, 126), 4933: (3, 0), 4947: (3, 126), 4961: (2, 126), 4975: (1, 125), 4989: (1, 1), 5003: (2, 127), 5017: (2, 126), 5031: (1, 125), 5045: (1, 126), 5059: (2, 2), 5073: (1, 126), 5087: (1, 126), 5101: (2, 126), 5115: (2, 0), 5129: (1, 0), 5143: (1, 126), 5157: (1, 126), 5171: (1, 126), 5185: (1, 3), 5199: (2, 127), 5213: (2, 127), 5227: (2, 125), 5241: (3, 126), 5255: (3, 0), 5269: (2, 126), 5283: (2, 126), 5297: (2, 126), 5311: (2, 3), 5325: (1, 127), 5339: (1, 126), 5353: (2, 126), 5367: (1, 1), 5381: (2, 127), 5395: (1, 125), 5409: (1, 125), 5423: (1, 125), 5437: (2, 2), 5451: (2, 125), 5465: (1, 124), 5479: (1, 124), 5493: (2, 125), 5507: (3, 127), 5521: (2, 126), 5535: (2, 126), 5549: (2, 127), 5563: (1, 3), 5577: (1, 0), 5591: (1, 126), 5605: (1, 127), 5619: (1, 127), 5633: (2, 1), 5647: (2, 126), 5661: (2, 126), 5675: (2, 124), 5689: (2, 0), 5703: (2, 127), 5717: (1, 126), 5731: (0, 125), 5745: (1, 125), 5759: (2, 2), 5773: (1, 126), 5787: (2, 126), 5801: (1, 126), 5815: (1, 1), 5829: (2, 127), 5843: (2, 126), 5857: (2, 125), 5871: (1, 126), 5885: (1, 1), 5899: (1, 126), 5913: (1, 126), 5927: (0, 125), 5941: (1, 2), 5955: (2, 0), 5969: (2, 127), 5983: (1, 127), 5997: (1, 127), 6011: (1, 3), 6025: (1, 0), 6039: (1, 127), 6053: (1, 127), 6067: (0, 1), 6081: (1, 0), 6095: (2, 127), 6109: (1, 127), 6123: (0, 127), 6137: (0, 3), 6151: (1, 0), 6165: (1, 0), 6179: (1, 0), 6193: (1, 4), 6207: (1, 0), 6221: (1, 127), 6235: (1, 127), 6249: (2, 1), 6263: (2, 127), 6277: (2, 125), 6291: (2, 126), 6305: (2, 126), 6319: (0, 3), 6333: (1, 127), 6347: (1, 127), 6361: (1, 127), 6375: (1, 2), 6389: (1, 0), 6403: (1, 127), 6417: (1, 127), 6431: (2, 127), 6445: (2, 3), 6459: (2, 126), 6473: (1, 126), 6487: (2, 126), 6501: (1, 3), 6515: (1, 126), 6529: (1, 125), 6543: (2, 126), 6557: (1, 1), 6571: (1, 1), 6585: (1, 0), 6599: (2, 127), 6613: (2, 127), 6627: (2, 3), 6641: (1, 127), 6655: (1, 126), 6669: (1, 126), 6683: (1, 3), 6697: (2, 127), 6711: (1, 126), 6725: (1, 125), 6739: (1, 2), 6753: (1, 127), 6767: (1, 127), 6781: (1, 126), 6795: (0, 126), 6809: (1, 3), 6823: (0, 127), 6837: (0, 126), 6851: (1, 126), 6865: (0, 126), 6879: (0, 3), 6893: (1, 127), 6907: (1, 126), 6921: (0, 126), 6935: (1, 127), 6949: (2, 4), 6963: (2, 127), 6977: (1, 127), 6991: (1, 127), 7005: (1, 127), 7019: (1, 2), 7033: (1, 0), 7047: (1, 127), 7061: (0, 127), 7075: (0, 3), 7089: (1, 0), 7103: (1, 0), 7117: (1, 127), 7131: (0, 127), 7145: (1, 2), 7159: (1, 127), 7173: (0, 127), 7187: (1, 127), 7201: (1, 4), 7215: (1, 0), 7229: (1, 0), 7243: (2, 0), 7257: (1, 127), 7271: (0, 2), 7285: (1, 0), 7299: (2, 0), 7313: (1, 127), 7327: (0, 4), 7341: (0, 0), 7355: (0, 127), 7369: (1, 0), 7383: (1, 2), 7397: (2, 0), 7411: (1, 126), 7425: (0, 0), 7439: (1, 127), 7453: (2, 3), 7467: (2, 127), 7481: (2, 127), 7495: (2, 126), 7509: (1, 4), 7523: (0, 0), 7537: (0, 127), 7551: (1, 127), 7565: (1, 2), 7579: (1, 1), 7593: (1, 127), 7607: (1, 126), 7621: (1, 127), 7635: (2, 0), 7649: (2, 126), 7663: (1, 125), 7677: (1, 127), 7691: (1, 0), 7705: (1, 126), 7719: (1, 126), 7733: (1, 127), 7747: (1, 0), 7761: (1, 126), 7775: (0, 126), 7789: (0, 126), 7803: (1, 1), 7817: (0, 126), 7831: (0, 126), 7845: (1, 126), 7859: (0, 1), 7873: (255, 126), 7887: (0, 126), 7901: (1, 126), 7915: (1, 4), 7929: (0, 127), 7943: (1, 0), 7957: (1, 127), 7971: (0, 3), 7985: (1, 1), 7999: (1, 127), 8013: (0, 127), 8027: (0, 127), 8041: (1, 4), 8055: (1, 0), 8069: (0, 127), 8083: (0, 127), 8097: (1, 3), 8111: (1, 127), 8125: (1, 126), 8139: (1, 125), 8153: (2, 127), 8167: (1, 127), 8181: (1, 125), 8195: (1, 125), 8209: (1, 125), 8223: (0, 2), 8237: (1, 127), 8251: (1, 126), 8265: (0, 125), 8279: (0, 2), 8293: (2, 0), 8307: (2, 127), 8321: (1, 126), 8335: (1, 1), 8349: (1, 0), 8363: (1, 127), 8377: (1, 127), 8391: (1, 127), 8405: (2, 4), 8419: (3, 0), 8433: (3, 127), 8447: (3, 126), 8461: (1, 4), 8475: (1, 0), 8489: (1, 127), 8503: (2, 0), 8517: (0, 3), 8531: (1, 0), 8545: (2, 127), 8559: (2, 0), 8573: (1, 0), 8587: (1, 0), 8601: (2, 126), 8615: (1, 125), 8629: (1, 127), 8643: (2, 0), 8657: (2, 126), 8671: (1, 125), 8685: (0, 125), 8699: (1, 2), 8713: (1, 126), 8727: (0, 125), 8741: (1, 126), 8755: (1, 2), 8769: (1, 127), 8783: (2, 125), 8797: (3, 126), 8811: (3, 0), 8825: (3, 125), 8839: (3, 127), 8853: (1, 127), 8867: (1, 127), 8881: (1, 126), 8895: (2, 126), 8909: (2, 1), 8923: (2, 1), 8937: (2, 126), 8951: (2, 126), 8965: (2, 3), 8979: (3, 0), 8993: (2, 127), 9007: (2, 126), 9021: (1, 3), 9035: (2, 127), 9049: (2, 126), 9063: (2, 126), 9077: (2, 1), 9091: (2, 127), 9105: (1, 126), 9119: (1, 2), 9133: (1, 127), 9147: (2, 126), 9161: (2, 127), 9175: (1, 3), 9189: (1, 127), 9203: (0, 126), 9217: (0, 1), 9231: (1, 1), 9245: (2, 0), 9259: (1, 126), 9273: (0, 3), 9287: (0, 127), 9301: (1, 0), 9315: (1, 0), 9329: (1, 4), 9343: (1, 0), 9357: (1, 127), 9371: (1, 3), 9385: (1, 1), 9399: (1, 127), 9413: (1, 127), 9427: (0, 5), 9441: (1, 0), 9455: (1, 127), 9469: (0, 0), 9483: (1, 3), 9497: (2, 1), 9511: (1, 0), 9525: (0, 3), 9539: (1, 0), 9553: (1, 127), 9567: (2, 127), 9581: (1, 5), 9595: (2, 127), 9609: (1, 126), 9623: (1, 127), 9637: (1, 3), 9651: (1, 127), 9665: (0, 127), 9679: (0, 3), 9693: (1, 0), 9707: (1, 127), 9721: (0, 126), 9735: (1, 4), 9749: (1, 127), 9763: (1, 127), 9777: (0, 0), 9791: (0, 1), 9805: (0, 127), 9819: (1, 127), 9833: (1, 3), 9847: (1, 0), 9861: (0, 127), 9875: (0, 127), 9889: (1, 5), 9903: (2, 1), 9917: (1, 127), 9931: (0, 127), 9945: (0, 4), 9959: (1, 0), 9973: (0, 127), 9987: (1, 0), 10001: (1, 3), 10015: (1, 0), 10029: (0, 127), 10043: (1, 127), 10057: (1, 4), 10071: (1, 0), 10085: (2, 0), 10099: (2, 0), 10113: (0, 3), 10127: (0, 127), 10141: (0, 127), 10155: (1, 0), 10169: (2, 3), 10183: (1, 127), 10197: (0, 127), 10211: (0, 1), 10225: (1, 2), 10239: (1, 127), 10253: (1, 127), 10267: (1, 2), 10281: (1, 1), 10295: (1, 0), 10309: (1, 127), 10323: (1, 1), 10337: (1, 2), 10351: (1, 127), 10365: (1, 127), 10379: (0, 1), 10393: (1, 1), 10407: (1, 127), 10421: (1, 0), 10435: (2, 3), 10449: (3, 1), 10463: (2, 0), 10477: (2, 127), 10491: (3, 4), 10505: (3, 1), 10519: (1, 0), 10533: (1, 0), 10547: (1, 4), 10561: (1, 1), 10575: (1, 0), 10589: (2, 127), 10603: (1, 5), 10617: (1, 127), 10631: (1, 126), 10645: (2, 126), 10659: (1, 3), 10673: (1, 126), 10687: (2, 126), 10701: (2, 126), 10715: (0, 3), 10729: (0, 126), 10743: (1, 126), 10757: (1, 126), 10771: (1, 3), 10785: (2, 127), 10799: (2, 125), 10813: (2, 125), 10827: (2, 4), 10841: (2, 127), 10855: (2, 127), 10869: (1, 126), 10883: (1, 4), 10897: (2, 1), 10911: (1, 127), 10925: (0, 127), 10939: (1, 5), 10953: (2, 0), 10967: (1, 0), 10981: (0, 0), 10995: (0, 4), 11009: (2, 1), 11023: (2, 0), 11037: (1, 127), 11051: (0, 4), 11065: (0, 0), 11079: (1, 127), 11093: (1, 127), 11107: (1, 5), 11121: (0, 0), 11135: (0, 127), 11149: (1, 0), 11163: (1, 4), 11177: (1, 0), 11191: (1, 0), 11205: (0, 127), 11219: (0, 4), 11233: (2, 1), 11247: (3, 0), 11261: (2, 127), 11275: (2, 5), 11289: (3, 1), 11303: (4, 0), 11317: (2, 126), 11331: (1, 4), 11345: (2, 0), 11359: (2, 0), 11373: (1, 127), 11387: (1, 5), 11401: (1, 0), 11415: (1, 127), 11429: (1, 127), 11443: (2, 4), 11457: (2, 127), 11471: (0, 126), 11485: (1, 126), 11499: (2, 3), 11513: (2, 126), 11527: (1, 125), 11541: (0, 126), 11555: (1, 4), 11569: (1, 0), 11583: (0, 126), 11597: (1, 126), 11611: (1, 4), 11625: (0, 126), 11639: (0, 125), 11653: (1, 125), 11667: (1, 3), 11681: (1, 0), 11695: (1, 126), 11709: (1, 126), 11723: (0, 126), 11737: (0, 1), 11751: (1, 126), 11765: (1, 126), 11779: (0, 126), 11793: (1, 126), 11807: (1, 5), 11821: (1, 0), 11835: (1, 127), 11849: (1, 127), 11863: (1, 127), 11877: (0, 4), 11891: (1, 0), 11905: (2, 127), 11919: (0, 127), 11933: (1, 0), 11947: (1, 0), 11961: (2, 127), 11975: (0, 126), 11989: (0, 126), 12003: (0, 2), 12017: (1, 0), 12031: (1, 127), 12045: (1, 127), 12059: (0, 127), 12073: (0, 4), 12087: (1, 127), 12101: (2, 0), 12115: (1, 127), 12129: (0, 0), 12143: (0, 1), 12157: (1, 127), 12171: (1, 127), 12185: (1, 127), 12199: (1, 4), 12213: (1, 0), 12227: (1, 127), 12241: (1, 127), 12255: (1, 2), 12269: (1, 0), 12283: (1, 0), 12297: (1, 0), 12311: (1, 127), 12325: (0, 3), 12339: (1, 0), 12353: (1, 0), 12367: (1, 0), 12381: (0, 4), 12395: (0, 127), 12409: (1, 127), 12423: (1, 0), 12437: (2, 4), 12451: (2, 0), 12465: (1, 127), 12479: (0, 127), 12493: (0, 3), 12507: (1, 1), 12521: (1, 0), 12535: (0, 0), 12549: (1, 2), 12563: (1, 1), 12577: (1, 127), 12591: (1, 127), 12605: (2, 127), 12619: (1, 5), 12633: (1, 0), 12647: (0, 127), 12661: (0, 127), 12675: (0, 3), 12689: (1, 1), 12703: (1, 0), 12717: (0, 127), 12731: (0, 127), 12745: (1, 2), 12759: (1, 0), 12773: (1, 127), 12787: (0, 127), 12801: (0, 4), 12815: (1, 0), 12829: (0, 0), 12843: (1, 0), 12857: (1, 2), 12871: (0, 0), 12885: (1, 0), 12899: (1, 0), 12913: (1, 127), 12927: (0, 2), 12941: (1, 0), 12955: (2, 127), 12969: (1, 127), 12983: (0, 4), 12997: (0, 126), 13011: (1, 126), 13025: (1, 127), 13039: (1, 4), 13053: (1, 0), 13067: (0, 127), 13081: (0, 0), 13095: (1, 3), 13109: (1, 1), 13123: (1, 0), 13137: (1, 127), 13151: (1, 3), 13165: (0, 0), 13179: (1, 127), 13193: (1, 127), 13207: (2, 1), 13221: (1, 1), 13235: (0, 127), 13249: (0, 127), 13263: (1, 127), 13277: (1, 4), 13291: (1, 0), 13305: (1, 127), 13319: (0, 127), 13333: (0, 3), 13347: (1, 0), 13361: (1, 127), 13375: (1, 127), 13389: (0, 2), 13403: (0, 1), 13417: (0, 127), 13431: (1, 127), 13445: (1, 127), 13459: (1, 4), 13473: (0, 127), 13487: (0, 127), 13501: (0, 127), 13515: (0, 4), 13529: (0, 127), 13543: (1, 126), 13557: (1, 127), 13571: (0, 2), 13585: (255, 127), 13599: (0, 127), 13613: (1, 127), 13627: (1, 0), 13641: (1, 1), 13655: (1, 0), 13669: (0, 0), 13683: (0, 127), 13697: (1, 5), 13711: (1, 0), 13725: (0, 127), 13739: (0, 127), 13753: (0, 3), 13767: (1, 1), 13781: (0, 0), 13795: (1, 0), 13809: (0, 0), 13823: (0, 2), 13837: (0, 0), 13851: (0, 0), 13865: (1, 0), 13879: (1, 3), 13893: (2, 2), 13907: (1, 0), 13921: (0, 127), 13935: (0, 0), 13949: (1, 4), 13963: (1, 0), 13977: (0, 0), 13991: (0, 127), 14005: (0, 1), 14019: (0, 1), 14033: (1, 0), 14047: (1, 127), 14061: (1, 127), 14075: (0, 4), 14089: (1, 0), 14103: (0, 0), 14117: (0, 0), 14131: (0, 127), 14145: (1, 2), 14159: (1, 0), 14173: (0, 127), 14187: (0, 127), 14201: (0, 4), 14215: (2, 1), 14229: (2, 0), 14243: (2, 0), 14257: (2, 3), 14271: (2, 2), 14285: (2, 0), 14299: (2, 0), 14313: (1, 127), 14327: (0, 3), 14341: (0, 0), 14355: (1, 127), 14369: (1, 127), 14383: (0, 4), 14397: (1, 0), 14411: (1, 127), 14425: (1, 127), 14439: (1, 1), 14453: (2, 1), 14467: (1, 127), 14481: (0, 127), 14495: (1, 1), 14509: (1, 2), 14523: (0, 0), 14537: (0, 127), 14551: (1, 127), 14565: (2, 5), 14579: (1, 127), 14593: (0, 126), 14607: (0, 126), 14621: (1, 3), 14635: (2, 0), 14649: (3, 127), 14663: (1, 126), 14677: (0, 1), 14691: (1, 0), 14705: (1, 127), 14719: (1, 126), 14733: (0, 126), 14747: (1, 2), 14761: (1, 0), 14775: (1, 127), 14789: (0, 127), 14803: (1, 127), 14817: (1, 4), 14831: (1, 0), 14845: (1, 127), 14859: (1, 127), 14873: (0, 1), 14887: (1, 1), 14901: (1, 0), 14915: (1, 127), 14929: (0, 126), 14943: (0, 4), 14957: (1, 0), 14971: (1, 127), 14985: (0, 126), 14999: (1, 2), 15013: (1, 1), 15027: (1, 1), 15041: (1, 0), 15055: (1, 0), 15069: (1, 127), 15083: (1, 127), 15097: (1, 3), 15111: (1, 0), 15125: (0, 127), 15139: (1, 0), 15153: (1, 127), 15167: (2, 3), 15181: (1, 0), 15195: (0, 127), 15209: (1, 0), 15223: (1, 3), 15237: (1, 0), 15251: (1, 0), 15265: (1, 0), 15279: (0, 127), 15293: (1, 2), 15307: (1, 0), 15321: (1, 126), 15335: (1, 127), 15349: (1, 126), 15363: (2, 2), 15377: (1, 0), 15391: (1, 127), 15405: (1, 127), 15419: (1, 3), 15433: (0, 127), 15447: (0, 126), 15461: (1, 126), 15475: (0, 1), 15489: (0, 1), 15503: (1, 0), 15517: (1, 0), 15531: (0, 0), 15545: (1, 2), 15559: (1, 0), 15573: (1, 127), 15587: (1, 127), 15601: (1, 3), 15615: (1, 127), 15629: (1, 127), 15643: (1, 126), 15657: (1, 1), 15671: (1, 0), 15685: (0, 127), 15699: (1, 127), 15713: (1, 127), 15727: (1, 2), 15741: (1, 0), 15755: (2, 0), 15769: (1, 0), 15783: (1, 2), 15797: (1, 0), 15811: (1, 0), 15825: (1, 127), 15839: (1, 0), 15853: (1, 4), 15867: (1, 0), 15881: (2, 1), 15895: (3, 0), 15909: (3, 3), 15923: (2, 1), 15937: (1, 127), 15951: (3, 127), 15965: (3, 127), 15979: (2, 3), 15993: (2, 126), 16007: (2, 127), 16021: (1, 127), 16035: (1, 3), 16049: (1, 1), 16063: (2, 0), 16077: (1, 127), 16091: (1, 1), 16105: (2, 1), 16119: (1, 127), 16133: (1, 127), 16147: (2, 127), 16161: (2, 4), 16175: (1, 0), 16189: (0, 127), 16203: (0, 127), 16217: (1, 3), 16231: (2, 0), 16245: (1, 127), 16259: (1, 126), 16273: (1, 126), 16287: (1, 2), 16301: (1, 127), 16315: (2, 127), 16329: (2, 0), 16343: (1, 4), 16357: (2, 0), 16371: (2, 127), 16385: (1, 127), 16399: (2, 0), 16413: (3, 2), 16427: (2, 0), 16441: (1, 127), 16455: (1, 127), 16469: (2, 3), 16483: (2, 127), 16497: (3, 127), 16511: (2, 127), 16525: (1, 0), 16539: (1, 2), 16553: (1, 1), 16567: (2, 127), 16581: (2, 0), 16595: (2, 4), 16609: (2, 0), 16623: (2, 1), 16637: (3, 0), 16651: (3, 0), 16665: (3, 5), 16679: (2, 127), 16693: (2, 127), 16707: (2, 127), 16721: (2, 2), 16735: (2, 2), 16749: (2, 0), 16763: (2, 0), 16777: (2, 0), 16791: (1, 3), 16805: (2, 0), 16819: (2, 127), 16833: (2, 127), 16847: (1, 4), 16861: (1, 127), 16875: (1, 127), 16889: (1, 127), 16903: (1, 3), 16917: (1, 0), 16931: (1, 127), 16945: (1, 127), 16959: (1, 0), 16973: (1, 2), 16987: (1, 127), 17001: (1, 127), 17015: (2, 127), 17029: (2, 4), 17043: (1, 127), 17057: (1, 127), 17071: (1, 127), 17085: (1, 127), 17099: (1, 3), 17113: (0, 0), 17127: (0, 127), 17141: (1, 0), 17155: (1, 0), 17169: (2, 5), 17183: (1, 0), 17197: (1, 0), 17211: (1, 0), 17225: (1, 1), 17239: (3, 2), 17253: (3, 0), 17267: (3, 0), 17281: (2, 0), 17295: (3, 5), 17309: (4, 1), 17323: (3, 0), 17337: (3, 127), 17351: (2, 2), 17365: (2, 0), 17379: (1, 127), 17393: (1, 126), 17407: (2, 127), 17421: (2, 5), 17435: (2, 0), 17449: (1, 127), 17463: (1, 127), 17477: (1, 2), 17491: (2, 0), 17505: (2, 127), 17519: (2, 127), 17533: (1, 126), 17547: (1, 2), 17561: (2, 126), 17575: (2, 126), 17589: (1, 125), 17603: (1, 3), 17617: (2, 0), 17631: (1, 127), 17645: (1, 127), 17659: (1, 3), 17673: (2, 1), 17687: (2, 1), 17701: (1, 1), 17715: (2, 0), 17729: (1, 3), 17743: (1, 0), 17757: (2, 0), 17771: (2, 0), 17785: (0, 5), 17799: (1, 1), 17813: (1, 0), 17827: (1, 0), 17841: (1, 3), 17855: (1, 1), 17869: (1, 0), 17883: (0, 0), 17897: (1, 0), 17911: (1, 3), 17925: (1, 0), 17939: (0, 127), 17953: (1, 127), 17967: (1, 4), 17981: (1, 0), 17995: (1, 0), 18009: (2, 0), 18023: (3, 5), 18037: (2, 2), 18051: (2, 1), 18065: (2, 0), 18079: (2, 127), 18093: (2, 4), 18107: (3, 1), 18121: (3, 1), 18135: (1, 127), 18149: (1, 4), 18163: (2, 1), 18177: (2, 0), 18191: (1, 127), 18205: (1, 2), 18219: (2, 1), 18233: (1, 1), 18247: (1, 0), 18261: (1, 0), 18275: (2, 4), 18289: (2, 1), 18303: (1, 0), 18317: (1, 0), 18331: (0, 4), 18345: (1, 0), 18359: (2, 127), 18373: (2, 127), 18387: (1, 0), 18401: (1, 2), 18415: (1, 0), 18429: (1, 127), 18443: (1, 127), 18457: (1, 4), 18471: (1, 0), 18485: (1, 127), 18499: (1, 127), 18513: (1, 3), 18527: (2, 0), 18541: (1, 127), 18555: (1, 127), 18569: (1, 2), 18583: (1, 0), 18597: (1, 127), 18611: (2, 0), 18625: (2, 0), 18639: (2, 3), 18653: (2, 0), 18667: (1, 0), 18681: (1, 0), 18695: (2, 4), 18709: (3, 0), 18723: (2, 126), 18737: (1, 126), 18751: (1, 2), 18765: (2, 126), 18779: (2, 126), 18793: (1, 127), 18807: (1, 127), 18821: (2, 3), 18835: (1, 127), 18849: (0, 127), 18863: (1, 127), 18877: (1, 1), 18891: (0, 0), 18905: (1, 127), 18919: (1, 127), 18933: (0, 127), 18947: (0, 3), 18961: (1, 0), 18975: (1, 127), 18989: (0, 127), 19003: (0, 126), 19017: (1, 3), 19031: (2, 1), 19045: (1, 0), 19059: (0, 127), 19073: (1, 0), 19087: (2, 3), 19101: (2, 1), 19115: (2, 1), 19129: (1, 127), 19143: (1, 0), 19157: (1, 4), 19171: (2, 1), 19185: (1, 1), 19199: (1, 1), 19213: (1, 0), 19227: (2, 5), 19241: (1, 0), 19255: (1, 1), 19269: (2, 0), 19283: (2, 2), 19297: (1, 2), 19311: (1, 0), 19325: (1, 0), 19339: (0, 0), 19353: (1, 5), 19367: (2, 1), 19381: (1, 0), 19395: (0, 0), 19409: (1, 0), 19423: (2, 6), 19437: (3, 1), 19451: (3, 0), 19465: (3, 0), 19479: (2, 4), 19493: (2, 1), 19507: (2, 1), 19521: (3, 0), 19535: (3, 127), 19549: (2, 2), 19563: (1, 0), 19577: (1, 127), 19591: (1, 127), 19605: (1, 5), 19619: (2, 0), 19633: (2, 0), 19647: (1, 127), 19661: (0, 4), 19675: (1, 0), 19689: (2, 127), 19703: (2, 127), 19717: (1, 127), 19731: (0, 3), 19745: (0, 0), 19759: (0, 127), 19773: (1, 0), 19787: (1, 4), 19801: (1, 0), 19815: (0, 127), 19829: (0, 127), 19843: (0, 4), 19857: (1, 1), 19871: (2, 0), 19885: (2, 0), 19899: (1, 3), 19913: (1, 1), 19927: (1, 0), 19941: (1, 0), 19955: (2, 2), 19969: (2, 2), 19983: (1, 1), 19997: (0, 127), 20011: (0, 0), 20025: (1, 4), 20039: (1, 0), 20053: (0, 127), 20067: (0, 127), 20081: (0, 2), 20095: (1, 0), 20109: (1, 0), 20123: (1, 127), 20137: (1, 127), 20151: (1, 3), 20165: (0, 127), 20179: (1, 127), 20193: (0, 127), 20207: (1, 3), 20221: (1, 0), 20235: (0, 0), 20249: (0, 127), 20263: (0, 3), 20277: (1, 0), 20291: (2, 0), 20305: (1, 0), 20319: (0, 3), 20333: (1, 0), 20347: (1, 0), 20361: (1, 0), 20375: (2, 5), 20389: (1, 1), 20403: (0, 1), 20417: (0, 0), 20431: (1, 4), 20445: (1, 1), 20459: (0, 0), 20473: (2, 1), 20487: (2, 2), 20501: (0, 3), 20515: (0, 0), 20529: (1, 1), 20543: (1, 1), 20557: (0, 5), 20571: (0, 1), 20585: (0, 1), 20599: (0, 0), 20613: (1, 5), 20627: (2, 2), 20641: (1, 1), 20655: (0, 0), 20669: (0, 3), 20683: (1, 2), 20697: (1, 0), 20711: (1, 0), 20725: (1, 1), 20739: (0, 3), 20753: (0, 1), 20767: (0, 0), 20781: (1, 1), 20795: (1, 5), 20809: (1, 1), 20823: (1, 1), 20837: (0, 0), 20851: (0, 5), 20865: (1, 2), 20879: (1, 1), 20893: (1, 1), 20907: (0, 4), 20921: (0, 1), 20935: (0, 0), 20949: (0, 0), 20963: (1, 1), 20977: (1, 2), 20991: (0, 0), 21005: (255, 127), 21019: (0, 0), 21033: (1, 3), 21047: (0, 0), 21061: (0, 127), 21075: (0, 127), 21089: (0, 4), 21103: (0, 0), 21117: (0, 127), 21131: (0, 127), 21145: (0, 3), 21159: (0, 1), 21173: (255, 0), 21187: (255, 0), 21201: (0, 0), 21215: (0, 3), 21229: (0, 1), 21243: (0, 1), 21257: (255, 0), 21271: (0, 4), 21285: (2, 2), 21299: (2, 1), 21313: (2, 1), 21327: (2, 2), 21341: (2, 5), 21355: (2, 2), 21369: (1, 1), 21383: (2, 0), 21397: (1, 5), 21411: (1, 1), 21425: (1, 0), 21439: (1, 0), 21453: (1, 2), 21467: (1, 1), 21481: (2, 0), 21495: (1, 0), 21509: (0, 0), 21523: (0, 4), 21537: (1, 0), 21551: (1, 0), 21565: (1, 0), 21579: (1, 4), 21593: (1, 1), 21607: (0, 0), 21621: (0, 127), 21635: (1, 4), 21649: (3, 1), 21663: (2, 0), 21677: (2, 127), 21691: (2, 1), 21705: (2, 1), 21719: (2, 1), 21733: (2, 0), 21747: (2, 2), 21761: (2, 3), 21775: (1, 1), 21789: (1, 0), 21803: (1, 1), 21817: (2, 5), 21831: (3, 1), 21845: (3, 0), 21859: (2, 127), 21873: (2, 6), 21887: (3, 1), 21901: (2, 0), 21915: (1, 0), 21929: (1, 5), 21943: (2, 1), 21957: (1, 0), 21971: (2, 0), 21985: (2, 4), 21999: (3, 127), 22013: (2, 127), 22027: (3, 0), 22041: (2, 4), 22055: (1, 0), 22069: (2, 0), 22083: (3, 0), 22097: (2, 5), 22111: (2, 1), 22125: (1, 0), 22139: (2, 0), 22153: (2, 4), 22167: (1, 127), 22181: (1, 126), 22195: (1, 127), 22209: (1, 1), 22223: (0, 126), 22237: (1, 126), 22251: (1, 0), 22265: (1, 1), 22279: (2, 127), 22293: (2, 1), 22307: (1, 3), 22321: (255, 0), 22335: (0, 127), 22349: (1, 127), 22363: (0, 0), 22377: (0, 1), 22391: (1, 0), 22405: (1, 127), 22419: (1, 1), 22433: (1, 1), 22447: (1, 127), 22461: (1, 127), 22475: (0, 2), 22489: (1, 2), 22503: (1, 0), 22517: (0, 127), 22531: (0, 1), 22545: (2, 1), 22559: (2, 1), 22573: (2, 127), 22587: (2, 0), 22601: (3, 0), 22615: (2, 126), 22629: (2, 127), 22643: (2, 0), 22657: (2, 2), 22671: (1, 0), 22685: (1, 0), 22699: (1, 0), 22713: (1, 3), 22727: (1, 0), 22741: (1, 0), 22755: (1, 0), 22769: (1, 2), 22783: (1, 127), 22797: (1, 127), 22811: (2, 0), 22825: (2, 0), 22839: (2, 126), 22853: (1, 126), 22867: (0, 127), 22881: (1, 4), 22895: (1, 127), 22909: (1, 0), 22923: (0, 127), 22937: (0, 4), 22951: (1, 0), 22965: (1, 127), 22979: (1, 127), 22993: (1, 5), 23007: (1, 1), 23021: (1, 1), 23035: (1, 1), 23049: (1, 4), 23063: (2, 2), 23077: (2, 1), 23091: (2, 0), 23105: (1, 3), 23119: (0, 1), 23133: (2, 0), 23147: (3, 1), 23161: (2, 0), 23175: (1, 2), 23189: (0, 127), 23203: (1, 0), 23217: (1, 127), 23231: (1, 3), 23245: (1, 1), 23259: (1, 1), 23273: (0, 0), 23287: (1, 1), 23301: (1, 3), 23315: (1, 1), 23329: (1, 0), 23343: (1, 0), 23357: (1, 3), 23371: (1, 0), 23385: (1, 0), 23399: (2, 0), 23413: (2, 4), 23427: (1, 127), 23441: (1, 126), 23455: (1, 126), 23469: (1, 3), 23483: (2, 0), 23497: (2, 127), 23511: (1, 127), 23525: (0, 3), 23539: (1, 127), 23553: (1, 127), 23567: (1, 127), 23581: (1, 3), 23595: (1, 127), 23609: (1, 127), 23623: (1, 127), 23637: (0, 2), 23651: (1, 1), 23665: (1, 0), 23679: (1, 127), 23693: (1, 1), 23707: (1, 2), 23721: (0, 0), 23735: (1, 0), 23749: (2, 1), 23763: (3, 3), 23777: (1, 0), 23791: (0, 127), 23805: (1, 0), 23819: (1, 5), 23833: (1, 0), 23847: (2, 1), 23861: (2, 0), 23875: (1, 5), 23889: (2, 1), 23903: (3, 0), 23917: (2, 0), 23931: (1, 4), 23945: (1, 0), 23959: (2, 0), 23973: (1, 0), 23987: (0, 2), 24001: (1, 2), 24015: (2, 1), 24029: (1, 0), 24043: (0, 4), 24057: (1, 1), 24071: (2, 1), 24085: (2, 0), 24099: (1, 3), 24113: (1, 2), 24127: (0, 0), 24141: (0, 0), 24155: (1, 1), 24169: (1, 2), 24183: (1, 0), 24197: (1, 0), 24211: (1, 0), 24225: (2, 3), 24239: (1, 127), 24253: (1, 126), 24267: (2, 127), 24281: (2, 5), 24295: (2, 1), 24309: (2, 127), 24323: (3, 0), 24337: (3, 4), 24351: (3, 0), 24365: (2, 0), 24379: (1, 127), 24393: (0, 3), 24407: (2, 1), 24421: (2, 0), 24435: (1, 0), 24449: (0, 2), 24463: (0, 1), 24477: (1, 0), 24491: (1, 0), 24505: (1, 1), 24519: (1, 2), 24533: (1, 127), 24547: (1, 126), 24561: (2, 127), 24575: (1, 3), 24589: (1, 0), 24603: (1, 127), 24617: (1, 127), 24631: (0, 4), 24645: (0, 0), 24659: (1, 0), 24673: (1, 0), 24687: (0, 5), 24701: (0, 1), 24715: (0, 0), 24729: (0, 0), 24743: (0, 5), 24757: (1, 1), 24771: (2, 0), 24785: (0, 127), 24799: (0, 3), 24813: (1, 1), 24827: (2, 0), 24841: (0, 127), 24855: (0, 0), 24869: (1, 3), 24883: (0, 0), 24897: (255, 127), 24911: (0, 127), 24925: (0, 4), 24939: (0, 0), 24953: (0, 127), 24967: (0, 127), 24981: (0, 4), 24995: (0, 0), 25009: (1, 0), 25023: (1, 0), 25037: (1, 4), 25051: (1, 1), 25065: (0, 0), 25079: (0, 0), 25093: (1, 2), 25107: (1, 2), 25121: (0, 0), 25135: (0, 0), 25149: (0, 2), 25163: (0, 3), 25177: (0, 0), 25191: (0, 1), 25205: (0, 1), 25219: (1, 6), 25233: (0, 1), 25247: (0, 0), 25261: (0, 0), 25275: (0, 5), 25289: (0, 0), 25303: (0, 0), 25317: (0, 127), 25331: (0, 2), 25345: (1, 1), 25359: (1, 0), 25373: (1, 1), 25387: (0, 0), 25401: (255, 5), 25415: (1, 2), 25429: (0, 0), 25443: (0, 0), 25457: (0, 6), 25471: (1, 2), 25485: (1, 1), 25499: (0, 1), 25513: (0, 1), 25527: (0, 2), 25541: (0, 0), 25555: (0, 0), 25569: (0, 0), 25583: (255, 4), 25597: (0, 0), 25611: (0, 127), 25625: (0, 0), 25639: (255, 4), 25653: (255, 0), 25667: (1, 0), 25681: (0, 0), 25695: (0, 1), 25709: (0, 2), 25723: (1, 127), 25737: (1, 126), 25751: (1, 127), 25765: (1, 3), 25779: (1, 0), 25793: (0, 126), 25807: (0, 126), 25821: (1, 1), 25835: (1, 1), 25849: (255, 127), 25863: (0, 127), 25877: (0, 127), 25891: (1, 4), 25905: (0, 127), 25919: (0, 126), 25933: (1, 127), 25947: (0, 3), 25961: (0, 127), 25975: (1, 126), 25989: (1, 127), 26003: (1, 0), 26017: (1, 1), 26031: (1, 127), 26045: (0, 126), 26059: (255, 126), 26073: (0, 3), 26087: (0, 0), 26101: (0, 0), 26115: (1, 0), 26129: (0, 5), 26143: (0, 0), 26157: (0, 0), 26171: (1, 1), 26185: (1, 3), 26199: (0, 2), 26213: (0, 1), 26227: (1, 1), 26241: (1, 1), 26255: (0, 4), 26269: (1, 1), 26283: (1, 0), 26297: (1, 1), 26311: (0, 5), 26325: (0, 1), 26339: (0, 1), 26353: (1, 0), 26367: (1, 4), 26381: (1, 0), 26395: (255, 126), 26409: (0, 126), 26423: (1, 0), 26437: (1, 1), 26451: (0, 126), 26465: (0, 126), 26479: (0, 127), 26493: (0, 3), 26507: (255, 127), 26521: (0, 127), 26535: (0, 127), 26549: (0, 4), 26563: (255, 0), 26577: (255, 127), 26591: (255, 127), 26605: (0, 0), 26619: (0, 3), 26633: (0, 0), 26647: (255, 127), 26661: (255, 127), 26675: (0, 127), 26689: (2, 3), 26703: (1, 1), 26717: (1, 0), 26731: (2, 0), 26745: (2, 1), 26759: (1, 4), 26773: (2, 2), 26787: (2, 1), 26801: (1, 0), 26815: (0, 127), 26829: (0, 4), 26843: (0, 127), 26857: (0, 127), 26871: (1, 127), 26885: (1, 127), 26899: (0, 4), 26913: (0, 126), 26927: (0, 127), 26941: (1, 0), 26955: (1, 2), 26969: (1, 1), 26983: (1, 0), 26997: (0, 127), 27011: (0, 0), 27025: (1, 5), 27039: (1, 0), 27053: (0, 0), 27067: (255, 127), 27081: (0, 5), 27095: (0, 1), 27109: (0, 0), 27123: (0, 127), 27137: (0, 4), 27151: (0, 1), 27165: (255, 0), 27179: (0, 0), 27193: (0, 3), 27207: (0, 1), 27221: (0, 127), 27235: (0, 127), 27249: (0, 2), 27263: (255, 1), 27277: (0, 0), 27291: (0, 0), 27305: (0, 1), 27319: (255, 2), 27333: (255, 127), 27347: (0, 0), 27361: (0, 0), 27375: (0, 5), 27389: (0, 1), 27403: (0, 1), 27417: (255, 0), 27431: (0, 5), 27445: (1, 2), 27459: (0, 1), 27473: (0, 1), 27487: (0, 1), 27501: (1, 3), 27515: (0, 2), 27529: (0, 1), 27543: (1, 1), 27557: (1, 1), 27571: (255, 5), 27585: (255, 1), 27599: (0, 0), 27613: (1, 1), 27627: (2, 0), 27641: (1, 3), 27655: (0, 127), 27669: (255, 127), 27683: (0, 1), 27697: (2, 6), 27711: (3, 2), 27725: (2, 1), 27739: (1, 1), 27753: (2, 4), 27767: (2, 5), 27781: (1, 2), 27795: (1, 1), 27809: (1, 2), 27823: (1, 4), 27837: (0, 2), 27851: (0, 1), 27865: (1, 1), 27879: (1, 5), 27893: (1, 1), 27907: (1, 1), 27921: (0, 0), 27935: (0, 5), 27949: (1, 1), 27963: (1, 1), 27977: (0, 0), 27991: (0, 5), 28005: (0, 1), 28019: (0, 0), 28033: (0, 127), 28047: (1, 1), 28061: (1, 2), 28075: (1, 1), 28089: (1, 0), 28103: (0, 1), 28117: (0, 4), 28131: (1, 1), 28145: (1, 1), 28159: (1, 0), 28173: (0, 0), 28187: (0, 2), 28201: (1, 0), 28215: (1, 127), 28229: (1, 127), 28243: (0, 4), 28257: (0, 127), 28271: (255, 126), 28285: (0, 126), 28299: (1, 3), 28313: (1, 0), 28327: (0, 0), 28341: (0, 0), 28355: (1, 2), 28369: (1, 0), 28383: (1, 127), 28397: (1, 127), 28411: (2, 2), 28425: (1, 1), 28439: (0, 127), 28453: (0, 127), 28467: (0, 127), 28481: (1, 2), 28495: (1, 127), 28509: (0, 127), 28523: (255, 127), 28537: (255, 4), 28551: (1, 0), 28565: (1, 127), 28579: (0, 127), 28593: (255, 4), 28607: (255, 0), 28621: (0, 0), 28635: (0, 0), 28649: (0, 4), 28663: (0, 0), 28677: (255, 127), 28691: (255, 127), 28705: (0, 4), 28719: (0, 0), 28733: (255, 127), 28747: (0, 0), 28761: (0, 3), 28775: (255, 1), 28789: (254, 0), 28803: (0, 0), 28817: (0, 0), 28831: (0, 3), 28845: (0, 0), 28859: (255, 127), 28873: (255, 127), 28887: (0, 4), 28901: (0, 0), 28915: (0, 127), 28929: (255, 127), 28943: (255, 127), 28957: (0, 4), 28971: (255, 0), 28985: (255, 127), 28999: (0, 127), 29013: (0, 127), 29027: (0, 3), 29041: (255, 0), 29055: (0, 2), 29069: (0, 1), 29083: (0, 1), 29097: (0, 1), 29111: (0, 4), 29125: (255, 1), 29139: (0, 1), 29153: (0, 0), 29167: (0, 0), 29181: (255, 5), 29195: (0, 1), 29209: (1, 2), 29223: (0, 0), 29237: (255, 0), 29251: (0, 5), 29265: (0, 1), 29279: (0, 0), 29293: (0, 0), 29307: (1, 1), 29321: (0, 5), 29335: (0, 0), 29349: (1, 0), 29363: (1, 0), 29377: (1, 0), 29391: (255, 4), 29405: (1, 2), 29419: (1, 1), 29433: (0, 0), 29447: (0, 4), 29461: (1, 2), 29475: (0, 1), 29489: (0, 1), 29503: (0, 1), 29517: (0, 4), 29531: (0, 1), 29545: (0, 1), 29559: (1, 1), 29573: (1, 5), 29587: (0, 2), 29601: (0, 0), 29615: (1, 0), 29629: (1, 1), 29643: (0, 3), 29657: (0, 0), 29671: (1, 0), 29685: (1, 0), 29699: (0, 4), 29713: (1, 0), 29727: (2, 0), 29741: (2, 0), 29755: (2, 4), 29769: (2, 1), 29783: (1, 1), 29797: (1, 0), 29811: (2, 4), 29825: (3, 1), 29839: (1, 0), 29853: (0, 0), 29867: (0, 4), 29881: (1, 2), 29895: (1, 1), 29909: (1, 1), 29923: (1, 3), 29937: (1, 0), 29951: (0, 0), 29965: (1, 0), 29979: (1, 3), 29993: (1, 0), 30007: (1, 127), 30021: (1, 127), 30035: (1, 3), 30049: (1, 127), 30063: (2, 126), 30077: (1, 127), 30091: (0, 4), 30105: (0, 0), 30119: (0, 127), 30133: (0, 127), 30147: (1, 4), 30161: (1, 0), 30175: (1, 127), 30189: (255, 126), 30203: (255, 3), 30217: (0, 0), 30231: (1, 127), 30245: (0, 127), 30259: (0, 3), 30273: (0, 0), 30287: (1, 0), 30301: (0, 0), 30315: (1, 5), 30329: (1, 1), 30343: (1, 0), 30357: (0, 127), 30371: (1, 5), 30385: (0, 1), 30399: (0, 0), 30413: (1, 1), 30427: (1, 6), 30441: (0, 1), 30455: (0, 0), 30469: (1, 1), 30483: (1, 6), 30497: (0, 1), 30511: (1, 127), 30525: (1, 127), 30539: (1, 2), 30553: (1, 0), 30567: (1, 0), 30581: (1, 0), 30595: (0, 2), 30609: (0, 1), 30623: (1, 1), 30637: (0, 0), 30651: (255, 127), 30665: (0, 4), 30679: (0, 0), 30693: (0, 0), 30707: (255, 127), 30721: (0, 3), 30735: (1, 1), 30749: (0, 0), 30763: (0, 0), 30777: (1, 0), 30791: (0, 4), 30805: (0, 0), 30819: (1, 0), 30833: (1, 0), 30847: (0, 2), 30861: (0, 2), 30875: (0, 1), 30889: (1, 1), 30903: (1, 2), 30917: (1, 6), 30931: (0, 2), 30945: (0, 2), 30959: (0, 1), 30973: (0, 6), 30987: (0, 1), 31001: (0, 1), 31015: (0, 0), 31029: (0, 3), 31043: (0, 1), 31057: (255, 0), 31071: (1, 0), 31085: (1, 0), 31099: (1, 4), 31113: (0, 0), 31127: (255, 0), 31141: (0, 1), 31155: (1, 5), 31169: (1, 1), 31183: (1, 0), 31197: (0, 0), 31211: (0, 5), 31225: (0, 0), 31239: (1, 1), 31253: (0, 0), 31267: (0, 4), 31281: (1, 2), 31295: (0, 1), 31309: (0, 0), 31323: (0, 4), 31337: (1, 2), 31351: (1, 2), 31365: (0, 1), 31379: (255, 2), 31393: (0, 2), 31407: (1, 1), 31421: (1, 0), 31435: (1, 2), 31449: (0, 1), 31463: (0, 0), 31477: (0, 0), 31491: (0, 2), 31505: (1, 2), 31519: (0, 0), 31533: (0, 0), 31547: (0, 0), 31561: (0, 3), 31575: (0, 0), 31589: (0, 0), 31603: (0, 127), 31617: (0, 4), 31631: (0, 0), 31645: (255, 127), 31659: (255, 127), 31673: (0, 5), 31687: (0, 0), 31701: (0, 0), 31715: (0, 0), 31729: (0, 6), 31743: (0, 1), 31757: (1, 1), 31771: (0, 0), 31785: (0, 5), 31799: (0, 1), 31813: (0, 1), 31827: (0, 0), 31841: (1, 3), 31855: (0, 2), 31869: (255, 1), 31883: (1, 1), 31897: (0, 1), 31911: (255, 3), 31925: (255, 1), 31939: (0, 1), 31953: (0, 1), 31967: (0, 6), 31981: (0, 1), 31995: (1, 2), 32009: (1, 1), 32023: (0, 5), 32037: (1, 2), 32051: (1, 1), 32065: (0, 0), 32079: (0, 2), 32093: (1, 2), 32107: (1, 1), 32121: (0, 1), 32135: (0, 1), 32149: (0, 5), 32163: (0, 2), 32177: (0, 1), 32191: (0, 1), 32205: (0, 6), 32219: (0, 1), 32233: (0, 0), 32247: (255, 0), 32261: (255, 3), 32275: (0, 1), 32289: (0, 0), 32303: (0, 0), 32317: (0, 2), 32331: (0, 2), 32345: (0, 1), 32359: (0, 0), 32373: (0, 0), 32387: (255, 3), 32401: (255, 0), 32415: (0, 0), 32429: (255, 0), 32443: (0, 4), 32457: (0, 1), 32471: (0, 0), 32485: (0, 1), 32499: (1, 1), 32513: (1, 2), 32527: (0, 1), 32541: (0, 1), 32555: (0, 0), 32569: (0, 5), 32583: (0, 1), 32597: (0, 0), 32611: (0, 1), 32625: (0, 0), 32639: (0, 6), 32653: (0, 1), 32667: (0, 1), 32681: (255, 0), 32695: (0, 6), 32709: (0, 2), 32723: (255, 1), 32737: (0, 1), 32751: (1, 1), 32765: (0, 6), 32779: (0, 2), 32793: (0, 1), 32807: (0, 1), 32821: (255, 3), 32835: (0, 2), 32849: (1, 2), 32863: (1, 1), 32877: (0, 1), 32891: (1, 5), 32905: (3, 2), 32919: (2, 2), 32933: (1, 1), 32947: (2, 5), 32961: (3, 3), 32975: (2, 1), 32989: (1, 0), 33003: (2, 4), 33017: (2, 1), 33031: (1, 1), 33045: (1, 1), 33059: (2, 4), 33073: (1, 2), 33087: (0, 0), 33101: (1, 0), 33115: (1, 3), 33129: (0, 2), 33143: (0, 0), 33157: (1, 1), 33171: (1, 1), 33185: (0, 5), 33199: (0, 1), 33213: (1, 1), 33227: (0, 0), 33241: (0, 4), 33255: (1, 0), 33269: (1, 0), 33283: (0, 127), 33297: (0, 3), 33311: (0, 0), 33325: (0, 127), 33339: (0, 127), 33353: (0, 3), 33367: (1, 0), 33381: (0, 127), 33395: (255, 127), 33409: (0, 4), 33423: (1, 0), 33437: (0, 0), 33451: (0, 127), 33465: (1, 5), 33479: (1, 0), 33493: (1, 127), 33507: (2, 127), 33521: (1, 5), 33535: (1, 1), 33549: (1, 2), 33563: (1, 1), 33577: (0, 4), 33591: (0, 1), 33605: (1, 1), 33619: (2, 1), 33633: (2, 5), 33647: (1, 0), 33661: (1, 0), 33675: (1, 1), 33689: (1, 4), 33703: (1, 1), 33717: (1, 1), 33731: (1, 0), 33745: (1, 3), 33759: (1, 1), 33773: (3, 0), 33787: (2, 0), 33801: (1, 2), 33815: (2, 2), 33829: (2, 1), 33843: (1, 0), 33857: (1, 2), 33871: (2, 2), 33885: (1, 1), 33899: (1, 0), 33913: (1, 0), 33927: (1, 2), 33941: (0, 127), 33955: (1, 127), 33969: (1, 127), 33983: (0, 5), 33997: (255, 127), 34011: (0, 127), 34025: (1, 0), 34039: (0, 5), 34053: (0, 1), 34067: (255, 0), 34081: (0, 0), 34095: (0, 4), 34109: (1, 1), 34123: (2, 127), 34137: (1, 127), 34151: (1, 5), 34165: (2, 1), 34179: (2, 1), 34193: (0, 0), 34207: (0, 5), 34221: (1, 2), 34235: (1, 1), 34249: (0, 0), 34263: (255, 3), 34277: (1, 1), 34291: (1, 0), 34305: (1, 127), 34319: (1, 0), 34333: (0, 1), 34347: (1, 126), 34361: (1, 125), 34375: (3, 125), 34389: (2, 127), 34403: (0, 125), 34417: (0, 125), 34431: (1, 127), 34445: (1, 2), 34459: (1, 0), 34473: (1, 0), 34487: (1, 0), 34501: (1, 4), 34515: (0, 0), 34529: (0, 0), 34543: (1, 0), 34557: (1, 6), 34571: (1, 2), 34585: (0, 0), 34599: (0, 1), 34613: (0, 5), 34627: (1, 3), 34641: (1, 1), 34655: (0, 0), 34669: (0, 3), 34683: (1, 2), 34697: (1, 2), 34711: (1, 1), 34725: (1, 3), 34739: (1, 2), 34753: (1, 1), 34767: (0, 0), 34781: (0, 1), 34795: (1, 2), 34809: (1, 0), 34823: (1, 0), 34837: (0, 2), 34851: (0, 2), 34865: (0, 0), 34879: (1, 0), 34893: (1, 1), 34907: (1, 2), 34921: (0, 127), 34935: (0, 127), 34949: (1, 2), 34963: (1, 1), 34977: (0, 0), 34991: (255, 127), 35005: (255, 3), 35019: (255, 1), 35033: (0, 0), 35047: (0, 0), 35061: (0, 3), 35075: (255, 1), 35089: (255, 1), 35103: (255, 0), 35117: (0, 3), 35131: (0, 2), 35145: (0, 0), 35159: (0, 0), 35173: (0, 1), 35187: (0, 2), 35201: (0, 1), 35215: (0, 0), 35229: (1, 1), 35243: (1, 4), 35257: (255, 0), 35271: (255, 0), 35285: (0, 1), 35299: (1, 4), 35313: (0, 1), 35327: (0, 0), 35341: (1, 1), 35355: (1, 5), 35369: (1, 1), 35383: (2, 0), 35397: (2, 0), 35411: (2, 5), 35425: (2, 1), 35439: (1, 1), 35453: (1, 1), 35467: (0, 5), 35481: (1, 2), 35495: (1, 1), 35509: (0, 1), 35523: (254, 5), 35537: (255, 1), 35551: (1, 2), 35565: (1, 2), 35579: (0, 5), 35593: (0, 2), 35607: (0, 2), 35621: (0, 1), 35635: (0, 4), 35649: (1, 3), 35663: (1, 2), 35677: (0, 1), 35691: (0, 3), 35705: (0, 3), 35719: (1, 1), 35733: (1, 1), 35747: (0, 1), 35761: (0, 4), 35775: (0, 1), 35789: (0, 0), 35803: (0, 0), 35817: (0, 4), 35831: (0, 0), 35845: (0, 0), 35859: (0, 0), 35873: (255, 3), 35887: (1, 2), 35901: (1, 2), 35915: (1, 1), 35929: (0, 5), 35943: (255, 0), 35957: (0, 0), 35971: (0, 0), 35985: (255, 2), 35999: (255, 1), 36013: (255, 0), 36027: (255, 0), 36041: (0, 0), 36055: (0, 3), 36069: (0, 0), 36083: (255, 0), 36097: (0, 1), 36111: (0, 4), 36125: (0, 2), 36139: (0, 0), 36153: (1, 2), 36167: (0, 1), 36181: (255, 4), 36195: (0, 1), 36209: (0, 1), 36223: (0, 1), 36237: (0, 4), 36251: (1, 0), 36265: (1, 126), 36279: (0, 126), 36293: (0, 127), 36307: (1, 3), 36321: (1, 0), 36335: (0, 127), 36349: (0, 127), 36363: (1, 4), 36377: (1, 1), 36391: (0, 0), 36405: (0, 127), 36419: (1, 3), 36433: (0, 1), 36447: (0, 0), 36461: (1, 127), 36475: (0, 126), 36489: (0, 4), 36503: (0, 0), 36517: (1, 0), 36531: (1, 1), 36545: (0, 4), 36559: (0, 1), 36573: (0, 0), 36587: (254, 127), 36601: (254, 0), 36615: (0, 2), 36629: (0, 0), 36643: (0, 0), 36657: (255, 0), 36671: (255, 4), 36685: (0, 1), 36699: (0, 1), 36713: (1, 0), 36727: (1, 2), 36741: (0, 2), 36755: (0, 1), 36769: (1, 1), 36783: (1, 0), 36797: (0, 5), 36811: (0, 1), 36825: (1, 1), 36839: (1, 1), 36853: (255, 4), 36867: (0, 1), 36881: (1, 0), 36895: (0, 127), 36909: (0, 1), 36923: (0, 0), 36937: (255, 127), 36951: (0, 0), 36965: (0, 127), 36979: (1, 4), 36993: (1, 0), 37007: (0, 127), 37021: (1, 0), 37035: (2, 2), 37049: (1, 2), 37063: (1, 0), 37077: (1, 0), 37091: (1, 0), 37105: (0, 3), 37119: (0, 0), 37133: (0, 127), 37147: (1, 0), 37161: (1, 5), 37175: (2, 2), 37189: (1, 1), 37203: (0, 1), 37217: (0, 4), 37231: (1, 1), 37245: (2, 0), 37259: (0, 127), 37273: (0, 2), 37287: (0, 0), 37301: (0, 127), 37315: (0, 127), 37329: (0, 0), 37343: (0, 2), 37357: (0, 0), 37371: (255, 127), 37385: (0, 127), 37399: (0, 2), 37413: (255, 127), 37427: (0, 0), 37441: (1, 2), 37455: (0, 3), 37469: (255, 0), 37483: (0, 0), 37497: (0, 0), 37511: (0, 6), 37525: (255, 1), 37539: (0, 1), 37553: (0, 1), 37567: (0, 6), 37581: (0, 1), 37595: (1, 1), 37609: (0, 1), 37623: (0, 6), 37637: (0, 2), 37651: (0, 1), 37665: (0, 2), 37679: (0, 6), 37693: (1, 2), 37707: (0, 1), 37721: (255, 0), 37735: (0, 5), 37749: (1, 2), 37763: (0, 1), 37777: (255, 1), 37791: (0, 5), 37805: (0, 2), 37819: (0, 1), 37833: (1, 1), 37847: (1, 5), 37861: (0, 3), 37875: (255, 1), 37889: (1, 2), 37903: (1, 3), 37917: (1, 3), 37931: (0, 1), 37945: (1, 1), 37959: (1, 1), 37973: (1, 3), 37987: (0, 2), 38001: (0, 1), 38015: (0, 1), 38029: (0, 0), 38043: (0, 0), 38057: (0, 3), 38071: (0, 127), 38085: (1, 126), 38099: (2, 126), 38113: (2, 0), 38127: (0, 126), 38141: (1, 124), 38155: (2, 124), 38169: (1, 124), 38183: (0, 1), 38197: (0, 127), 38211: (0, 127), 38225: (0, 126), 38239: (0, 3), 38253: (1, 0), 38267: (1, 127), 38281: (0, 127), 38295: (1, 5), 38309: (1, 0), 38323: (0, 127), 38337: (0, 127), 38351: (1, 2), 38365: (1, 0), 38379: (0, 126), 38393: (0, 125), 38407: (0, 126), 38421: (1, 126), 38435: (1, 126), 38449: (0, 126), 38463: (255, 125), 38477: (0, 1), 38491: (1, 127), 38505: (1, 127), 38519: (1, 0), 38533: (0, 4), 38547: (1, 1), 38561: (1, 0), 38575: (0, 127), 38589: (0, 1), 38603: (1, 2), 38617: (1, 0), 38631: (0, 0), 38645: (0, 0), 38659: (0, 4), 38673: (0, 1), 38687: (0, 1), 38701: (1, 1), 38715: (0, 5), 38729: (0, 0), 38743: (1, 127), 38757: (2, 126), 38771: (3, 0), 38785: (3, 125), 38799: (2, 124), 38813: (2, 125), 38827: (2, 127), 38841: (2, 0), 38855: (2, 127), 38869: (1, 127), 38883: (0, 127), 38897: (1, 3), 38911: (1, 0), 38925: (1, 0), 38939: (0, 127), 38953: (0, 4), 38967: (1, 0), 38981: (0, 127), 38995: (255, 127), 39009: (0, 3), 39023: (1, 1), 39037: (0, 0), 39051: (0, 0), 39065: (0, 3), 39079: (0, 2), 39093: (255, 0), 39107: (0, 1), 39121: (1, 3), 39135: (255, 2), 39149: (0, 1), 39163: (0, 0), 39177: (0, 1), 39191: (255, 4), 39205: (0, 1), 39219: (0, 1), 39233: (0, 1), 39247: (0, 5), 39261: (0, 1), 39275: (1, 1), 39289: (1, 1), 39303: (0, 4), 39317: (0, 1), 39331: (0, 1), 39345: (0, 0), 39359: (0, 4), 39373: (1, 3), 39387: (0, 2), 39401: (255, 1), 39415: (0, 2), 39429: (1, 3), 39443: (0, 1), 39457: (0, 0), 39471: (0, 1), 39485: (0, 4), 39499: (255, 1), 39513: (0, 1), 39527: (0, 0), 39541: (0, 4), 39555: (0, 0), 39569: (0, 0), 39583: (0, 1), 39597: (255, 6), 39611: (0, 2), 39625: (0, 2), 39639: (0, 1), 39653: (255, 5), 39667: (255, 2), 39681: (0, 1), 39695: (0, 1), 39709: (0, 4), 39723: (0, 3), 39737: (0, 1), 39751: (0, 1), 39765: (1, 4), 39779: (1, 3), 39793: (0, 2), 39807: (255, 1), 39821: (0, 1), 39835: (1, 5), 39849: (0, 0), 39863: (255, 0), 39877: (0, 0), 39891: (0, 4), 39905: (0, 1), 39919: (1, 0), 39933: (1, 0), 39947: (1, 5), 39961: (0, 1), 39975: (255, 0), 39989: (0, 0), 40003: (255, 5), 40017: (0, 2), 40031: (1, 1), 40045: (0, 0), 40059: (254, 4), 40073: (255, 1), 40087: (0, 1), 40101: (0, 0), 40115: (255, 0), 40129: (255, 5), 40143: (255, 1), 40157: (255, 0), 40171: (255, 0), 40185: (255, 0), 40199: (255, 5), 40213: (255, 2), 40227: (0, 2), 40241: (0, 1), 40255: (255, 1), 40269: (0, 6), 40283: (0, 2), 40297: (0, 2), 40311: (255, 1), 40325: (255, 1), 40339: (0, 5), 40353: (1, 2), 40367: (0, 1), 40381: (0, 2), 40395: (0, 1), 40409: (0, 4), 40423: (0, 1), 40437: (1, 1), 40451: (0, 0), 40465: (0, 0), 40479: (255, 4), 40493: (0, 1), 40507: (1, 0), 40521: (0, 127), 40535: (0, 0), 40549: (1, 1), 40563: (0, 127), 40577: (0, 127), 40591: (0, 127), 40605: (1, 3), 40619: (1, 0), 40633: (0, 127), 40647: (0, 127), 40661: (0, 127), 40675: (0, 3), 40689: (1, 1), 40703: (1, 0), 40717: (0, 127), 40731: (255, 2), 40745: (0, 1), 40759: (1, 0), 40773: (0, 127), 40787: (0, 127), 40801: (0, 2), 40815: (1, 126), 40829: (1, 125), 40843: (255, 126), 40857: (0, 3), 40871: (0, 0), 40885: (1, 0), 40899: (0, 126), 40913: (0, 0), 40927: (0, 2), 40941: (0, 127), 40955: (1, 127), 40969: (1, 127), 40983: (0, 4), 40997: (255, 0), 41011: (255, 127), 41025: (0, 0), 41039: (0, 0), 41053: (0, 3), 41067: (255, 0), 41081: (255, 127), 41095: (0, 0), 41109: (1, 5), 41123: (1, 1), 41137: (0, 1), 41151: (0, 1), 41165: (0, 4), 41179: (0, 2), 41193: (255, 1), 41207: (0, 2), 41221: (0, 2), 41235: (0, 5), 41249: (0, 1), 41263: (0, 0), 41277: (0, 127), 41291: (0, 2), 41305: (1, 1), 41319: (0, 0), 41333: (255, 0), 41347: (255, 1), 41361: (0, 3), 41375: (0, 1), 41389: (255, 1), 41403: (255, 0), 41417: (0, 6), 41431: (255, 1), 41445: (255, 1), 41459: (0, 1), 41473: (0, 4), 41487: (255, 1), 41501: (255, 1), 41515: (1, 2), 41529: (0, 2), 41543: (0, 2), 41557: (0, 1), 41571: (1, 0), 41585: (255, 127), 41599: (254, 4), 41613: (0, 1), 41627: (0, 1), 41641: (255, 0), 41655: (255, 4), 41669: (0, 1), 41683: (0, 1), 41697: (0, 0), 41711: (1, 0), 41725: (1, 3), 41739: (0, 0), 41753: (0, 126), 41767: (0, 126), 41781: (0, 2), 41795: (0, 0), 41809: (0, 127), 41823: (0, 127), 41837: (0, 0), 41851: (255, 4), 41865: (255, 1), 41879: (0, 1), 41893: (0, 1), 41907: (255, 4), 41921: (0, 1), 41935: (255, 0), 41949: (255, 0), 41963: (0, 0), 41977: (0, 5), 41991: (255, 1), 42005: (254, 0), 42019: (255, 0), 42033: (0, 4), 42047: (0, 2), 42061: (255, 0), 42075: (255, 0), 42089: (255, 0), 42103: (254, 4), 42117: (255, 1), 42131: (255, 1), 42145: (255, 0), 42159: (255, 4), 42173: (255, 1), 42187: (255, 0), 42201: (255, 1), 42215: (0, 1), 42229: (0, 5), 42243: (0, 2), 42257: (0, 1), 42271: (255, 0), 42285: (0, 3), 42299: (1, 3), 42313: (0, 1), 42327: (255, 1), 42341: (255, 1), 42355: (255, 5), 42369: (0, 2), 42383: (0, 1), 42397: (0, 0), 42411: (0, 127), 42425: (0, 5), 42439: (0, 2), 42453: (255, 1), 42467: (255, 1), 42481: (0, 4), 42495: (0, 3), 42509: (0, 2), 42523: (255, 1), 42537: (0, 1), 42551: (0, 5), 42565: (0, 2), 42579: (0, 2), 42593: (255, 1), 42607: (255, 7), 42621: (255, 3), 42635: (0, 2), 42649: (0, 1), 42663: (0, 2), 42677: (1, 4), 42691: (2, 0), 42705: (1, 0), 42719: (1, 0), 42733: (1, 4), 42747: (2, 1), 42761: (1, 0), 42775: (1, 0), 42789: (1, 2), 42803: (2, 2), 42817: (0, 0), 42831: (0, 0), 42845: (1, 1), 42859: (255, 4), 42873: (255, 0), 42887: (0, 0), 42901: (1, 0), 42915: (0, 0), 42929: (0, 1), 42943: (0, 0), 42957: (0, 127), 42971: (1, 126), 42985: (1, 2), 42999: (2, 126), 43013: (2, 126), 43027: (1, 125), 43041: (2, 126), 43055: (1, 2), 43069: (0, 0), 43083: (0, 0), 43097: (1, 0), 43111: (0, 4), 43125: (255, 0), 43139: (0, 0), 43153: (1, 1), 43167: (0, 5), 43181: (0, 1), 43195: (0, 0), 43209: (0, 0), 43223: (255, 4), 43237: (1, 1), 43251: (1, 0), 43265: (0, 127), 43279: (255, 3), 43293: (1, 1), 43307: (1, 1), 43321: (0, 0), 43335: (255, 3), 43349: (0, 1), 43363: (0, 0), 43377: (0, 0), 43391: (255, 2), 43405: (0, 1), 43419: (0, 0), 43433: (0, 0), 43447: (0, 2), 43461: (0, 2), 43475: (255, 0), 43489: (0, 0), 43503: (1, 2), 43517: (0, 3), 43531: (0, 0), 43545: (1, 1), 43559: (2, 0), 43573: (0, 5), 43587: (255, 0), 43601: (0, 0), 43615: (0, 0), 43629: (255, 5), 43643: (0, 1), 43657: (0, 0), 43671: (255, 0), 43685: (255, 4), 43699: (255, 1), 43713: (0, 0), 43727: (255, 0), 43741: (255, 3), 43755: (255, 2), 43769: (255, 0), 43783: (255, 0), 43797: (254, 127), 43811: (255, 4), 43825: (255, 0), 43839: (255, 127), 43853: (254, 127), 43867: (255, 2), 43881: (255, 3), 43895: (0, 2), 43909: (0, 2), 43923: (255, 1), 43937: (255, 5), 43951: (255, 2), 43965: (0, 2), 43979: (1, 2), 43993: (0, 1), 44007: (255, 5), 44021: (255, 2), 44035: (255, 2), 44049: (255, 1), 44063: (0, 2), 44077: (0, 6), 44091: (255, 3), 44105: (255, 2), 44119: (0, 1), 44133: (0, 4), 44147: (0, 2), 44161: (0, 1), 44175: (0, 1), 44189: (255, 0), 44203: (255, 6), 44217: (0, 3), 44231: (0, 2), 44245: (0, 1), 44259: (255, 4), 44273: (0, 3), 44287: (255, 1), 44301: (255, 2), 44315: (255, 2), 44329: (0, 4), 44343: (255, 1), 44357: (255, 1), 44371: (255, 0), 44385: (255, 4), 44399: (255, 1), 44413: (0, 0), 44427: (0, 0), 44441: (255, 4), 44455: (254, 0), 44469: (255, 127), 44483: (0, 126), 44497: (0, 4), 44511: (0, 0), 44525: (255, 0), 44539: (254, 0), 44553: (255, 5), 44567: (255, 1), 44581: (255, 0), 44595: (255, 0), 44609: (255, 4), 44623: (255, 1), 44637: (255, 0), 44651: (255, 0), 44665: (255, 3), 44679: (0, 2), 44693: (0, 2), 44707: (255, 1), 44721: (254, 1), 44735: (255, 6), 44749: (0, 2), 44763: (0, 2), 44777: (0, 1), 44791: (255, 2), 44805: (255, 3), 44819: (255, 1), 44833: (0, 1), 44847: (0, 2), 44861: (255, 6), 44875: (255, 2), 44889: (0, 2), 44903: (0, 2), 44917: (0, 3), 44931: (0, 3), 44945: (0, 3), 44959: (255, 1), 44973: (0, 1), 44987: (255, 4), 45001: (0, 3), 45015: (0, 2), 45029: (0, 2), 45043: (0, 2), 45057: (0, 5), 45071: (1, 3), 45085: (2, 2), 45099: (2, 2), 45113: (1, 6), 45127: (2, 3), 45141: (2, 1), 45155: (2, 2), 45169: (2, 4), 45183: (2, 2), 45197: (1, 1), 45211: (255, 1), 45225: (0, 2), 45239: (0, 4), 45253: (0, 2), 45267: (0, 1), 45281: (0, 1), 45295: (0, 6), 45309: (0, 1), 45323: (0, 0), 45337: (1, 0), 45351: (1, 4), 45365: (0, 127), 45379: (0, 127), 45393: (0, 0), 45407: (0, 3), 45421: (0, 1), 45435: (0, 0), 45449: (0, 0), 45463: (254, 2), 45477: (255, 1), 45491: (0, 0), 45505: (0, 0), 45519: (255, 0), 45533: (255, 2), 45547: (0, 0), 45561: (0, 0), 45575: (0, 1), 45589: (1, 4), 45603: (2, 3), 45617: (2, 2), 45631: (2, 2), 45645: (1, 2), 45659: (0, 3), 45673: (0, 1), 45687: (1, 1), 45701: (1, 0), 45715: (255, 4), 45729: (255, 0), 45743: (0, 0), 45757: (1, 0), 45771: (0, 5), 45785: (0, 1), 45799: (0, 1), 45813: (0, 1), 45827: (0, 5), 45841: (1, 2), 45855: (0, 1), 45869: (0, 0), 45883: (255, 4), 45897: (0, 1), 45911: (0, 0), 45925: (0, 1), 45939: (0, 3), 45953: (0, 2), 45967: (0, 1), 45981: (254, 1), 45995: (255, 1), 46009: (0, 4), 46023: (0, 2), 46037: (0, 1), 46051: (255, 0), 46065: (255, 5), 46079: (255, 0), 46093: (0, 0), 46107: (1, 0), 46121: (0, 1), 46135: (255, 1), 46149: (255, 1), 46163: (0, 0), 46177: (0, 0), 46191: (0, 2), 46205: (0, 0), 46219: (0, 0), 46233: (255, 0), 46247: (255, 4), 46261: (0, 0), 46275: (255, 0), 46289: (255, 0), 46303: (0, 4), 46317: (1, 2), 46331: (1, 1), 46345: (1, 0), 46359: (2, 0), 46373: (1, 5), 46387: (1, 2), 46401: (1, 1), 46415: (1, 1), 46429: (0, 3), 46443: (0, 2), 46457: (0, 1), 46471: (0, 1), 46485: (0, 1), 46499: (0, 0), 46513: (0, 5), 46527: (0, 1), 46541: (0, 1), 46555: (0, 1), 46569: (0, 3), 46583: (0, 3), 46597: (255, 1), 46611: (0, 1), 46625: (1, 1), 46639: (0, 4), 46653: (0, 0), 46667: (0, 0), 46681: (0, 0), 46695: (0, 2), 46709: (1, 1), 46723: (0, 127), 46737: (0, 127), 46751: (0, 0), 46765: (1, 5), 46779: (1, 2), 46793: (255, 1), 46807: (0, 0), 46821: (0, 5), 46835: (0, 3), 46849: (0, 1), 46863: (0, 1), 46877: (1, 3), 46891: (0, 3), 46905: (255, 1), 46919: (255, 1), 46933: (0, 1), 46947: (0, 5), 46961: (0, 1), 46975: (0, 0), 46989: (0, 0), 47003: (255, 5), 47017: (0, 2), 47031: (0, 1), 47045: (255, 0), 47059: (255, 5), 47073: (0, 1), 47087: (0, 0), 47101: (0, 0), 47115: (0, 4), 47129: (0, 1), 47143: (0, 1), 47157: (0, 0), 47171: (1, 4), 47185: (2, 0), 47199: (1, 126), 47213: (1, 126), 47227: (1, 127), 47241: (1, 126), 47255: (1, 126), 47269: (1, 126), 47283: (1, 1), 47297: (0, 1), 47311: (255, 0), 47325: (0, 0), 47339: (0, 0), 47353: (0, 4), 47367: (0, 1), 47381: (0, 0), 47395: (255, 1), 47409: (255, 5), 47423: (0, 2), 47437: (1, 2), 47451: (0, 1), 47465: (255, 6), 47479: (255, 2), 47493: (255, 1), 47507: (255, 0), 47521: (255, 5), 47535: (0, 1), 47549: (0, 1), 47563: (255, 0), 47577: (255, 5), 47591: (255, 1), 47605: (0, 1), 47619: (0, 1), 47633: (0, 6), 47647: (255, 1), 47661: (255, 0), 47675: (255, 1), 47689: (0, 6), 47703: (0, 2), 47717: (255, 1), 47731: (255, 1), 47745: (255, 6), 47759: (0, 2), 47773: (0, 1), 47787: (0, 1), 47801: (0, 6), 47815: (0, 2), 47829: (0, 1), 47843: (0, 1), 47857: (0, 6), 47871: (0, 3), 47885: (1, 2), 47899: (0, 2), 47913: (255, 5), 47927: (255, 2), 47941: (0, 2), 47955: (1, 2), 47969: (0, 5), 47983: (255, 2), 47997: (255, 2), 48011: (0, 2), 48025: (0, 3), 48039: (1, 2), 48053: (0, 0), 48067: (0, 0), 48081: (255, 3), 48095: (0, 2), 48109: (0, 1), 48123: (0, 1), 48137: (0, 3), 48151: (1, 3), 48165: (0, 1), 48179: (255, 0), 48193: (255, 2), 48207: (0, 2), 48221: (0, 1), 48235: (255, 0), 48249: (255, 1), 48263: (255, 2), 48277: (255, 0), 48291: (0, 127), 48305: (0, 127), 48319: (255, 3), 48333: (255, 0), 48347: (255, 0), 48361: (255, 0), 48375: (255, 5), 48389: (255, 1), 48403: (255, 0), 48417: (255, 0), 48431: (254, 5), 48445: (254, 1), 48459: (255, 0), 48473: (0, 0), 48487: (255, 3), 48501: (255, 3), 48515: (255, 2), 48529: (255, 1), 48543: (0, 1), 48557: (0, 6), 48571: (0, 2), 48585: (255, 1), 48599: (255, 1), 48613: (0, 2), 48627: (0, 4), 48641: (255, 2), 48655: (255, 1), 48669: (255, 1), 48683: (255, 7), 48697: (0, 3), 48711: (0, 2), 48725: (0, 2), 48739: (255, 2), 48753: (0, 4), 48767: (0, 2), 48781: (0, 1), 48795: (0, 1), 48809: (1, 6), 48823: (1, 2), 48837: (255, 1), 48851: (0, 1), 48865: (0, 5), 48879: (0, 2), 48893: (0, 1), 48907: (0, 0), 48921: (255, 0), 48935: (255, 3), 48949: (255, 0), 48963: (0, 0), 48977: (0, 0), 48991: (255, 4), 49005: (255, 1), 49019: (0, 1), 49033: (255, 0), 49047: (255, 3), 49061: (0, 2), 49075: (0, 1), 49089: (0, 1), 49103: (0, 3), 49117: (1, 1), 49131: (1, 1), 49145: (0, 1), 49159: (1, 3), 49173: (1, 4), 49187: (0, 1), 49201: (0, 127), 49215: (2, 2), 49229: (2, 2), 49243: (0, 0), 49257: (0, 0), 49271: (1, 1), 49285: (1, 3), 49299: (0, 1), 49313: (0, 0), 49327: (1, 0), 49341: (0, 3), 49355: (0, 0), 49369: (0, 0), 49383: (0, 1), 49397: (0, 3), 49411: (0, 0), 49425: (255, 0), 49439: (254, 127), 49453: (255, 4), 49467: (255, 0), 49481: (0, 0), 49495: (255, 127), 49509: (255, 4), 49523: (255, 127), 49537: (255, 127), 49551: (255, 127), 49565: (0, 4), 49579: (0, 0), 49593: (255, 127), 49607: (254, 127), 49621: (255, 2), 49635: (255, 1), 49649: (255, 0), 49663: (255, 0), 49677: (255, 0), 49691: (255, 5), 49705: (255, 1), 49719: (255, 0), 49733: (255, 0), 49747: (0, 0), 49761: (255, 5), 49775: (254, 0), 49789: (255, 0), 49803: (255, 0), 49817: (0, 0), 49831: (0, 5), 49845: (0, 1), 49859: (0, 127), 49873: (1, 2), 49887: (2, 3), 49901: (1, 7), 49915: (255, 3), 49929: (0, 1), 49943: (0, 2), 49957: (255, 1), 49971: (255, 5), 49985: (0, 2), 49999: (0, 2), 50013: (255, 1), 50027: (0, 127), 50041: (0, 3), 50055: (0, 127), 50069: (0, 127), 50083: (2, 0), 50097: (3, 127), 50111: (1, 3), 50125: (0, 0), 50139: (1, 0), 50153: (1, 1), 50167: (0, 5), 50181: (0, 2), 50195: (1, 2), 50209: (0, 1), 50223: (0, 1), 50237: (1, 4), 50251: (1, 1), 50265: (0, 0), 50279: (1, 0), 50293: (1, 5), 50307: (1, 2), 50321: (1, 0), 50335: (2, 0), 50349: (2, 3), 50363: (1, 3), 50377: (1, 2), 50391: (1, 0), 50405: (0, 2), 50419: (0, 3), 50433: (0, 1), 50447: (0, 0), 50461: (0, 0), 50475: (0, 5), 50489: (1, 1), 50503: (1, 0), 50517: (255, 0), 50531: (255, 4), 50545: (1, 2), 50559: (1, 1), 50573: (255, 0), 50587: (255, 2), 50601: (1, 1), 50615: (1, 1), 50629: (0, 0), 50643: (0, 0), 50657: (1, 4), 50671: (0, 1), 50685: (0, 1), 50699: (0, 1), 50713: (0, 5), 50727: (0, 1), 50741: (0, 0), 50755: (1, 0), 50769: (0, 5), 50783: (0, 1), 50797: (1, 0), 50811: (1, 0), 50825: (0, 2), 50839: (255, 2), 50853: (255, 1), 50867: (255, 1), 50881: (0, 2), 50895: (0, 2), 50909: (0, 1), 50923: (255, 0), 50937: (255, 1), 50951: (0, 3), 50965: (0, 0), 50979: (0, 0), 50993: (1, 1), 51007: (1, 4), 51021: (0, 0), 51035: (1, 0), 51049: (1, 0), 51063: (1, 5), 51077: (1, 2), 51091: (1, 1), 51105: (0, 1), 51119: (255, 5), 51133: (255, 1), 51147: (0, 2), 51161: (1, 2), 51175: (0, 5), 51189: (255, 1), 51203: (0, 2), 51217: (0, 2), 51231: (0, 5), 51245: (0, 2), 51259: (0, 1), 51273: (0, 1), 51287: (0, 4), 51301: (0, 2), 51315: (1, 1), 51329: (0, 0), 51343: (0, 3), 51357: (0, 2), 51371: (0, 1), 51385: (0, 0), 51399: (0, 1), 51413: (1, 3), 51427: (1, 1), 51441: (255, 127), 51455: (255, 127), 51469: (0, 3), 51483: (1, 1), 51497: (0, 0), 51511: (255, 0), 51525: (255, 5), 51539: (255, 1), 51553: (255, 1), 51567: (0, 0), 51581: (0, 5), 51595: (255, 1), 51609: (255, 0), 51623: (0, 0), 51637: (255, 6), 51651: (0, 3), 51665: (0, 2), 51679: (1, 2), 51693: (0, 5), 51707: (255, 1), 51721: (255, 0), 51735: (1, 2), 51749: (2, 6), 51763: (2, 2), 51777: (1, 1), 51791: (1, 0), 51805: (1, 2), 51819: (2, 3), 51833: (3, 1), 51847: (2, 1), 51861: (0, 4), 51875: (1, 2), 51889: (1, 2), 51903: (0, 1), 51917: (0, 4), 51931: (1, 3), 51945: (1, 1), 51959: (0, 1), 51973: (0, 4), 51987: (0, 1), 52001: (1, 2), 52015: (1, 1), 52029: (0, 6), 52043: (0, 2), 52057: (0, 1), 52071: (0, 1), 52085: (1, 6), 52099: (0, 2), 52113: (0, 2), 52127: (0, 1), 52141: (1, 7), 52155: (1, 2), 52169: (1, 0), 52183: (2, 127), 52197: (2, 2), 52211: (2, 125), 52225: (2, 125), 52239: (2, 125), 52253: (1, 2), 52267: (1, 127), 52281: (1, 126), 52295: (1, 126), 52309: (0, 4), 52323: (0, 0), 52337: (1, 0), 52351: (1, 1), 52365: (0, 3), 52379: (0, 1), 52393: (0, 1), 52407: (1, 1), 52421: (1, 4), 52435: (1, 1), 52449: (0, 0), 52463: (0, 2), 52477: (0, 2), 52491: (1, 0), 52505: (0, 0), 52519: (255, 3), 52533: (0, 1), 52547: (0, 0), 52561: (255, 0), 52575: (255, 2), 52589: (0, 2), 52603: (0, 1), 52617: (255, 0), 52631: (255, 4), 52645: (0, 1), 52659: (1, 1), 52673: (1, 127), 52687: (1, 5), 52701: (2, 4), 52715: (1, 2), 52729: (1, 2), 52743: (1, 7), 52757: (1, 2), 52771: (0, 1), 52785: (0, 2), 52799: (0, 6), 52813: (1, 3), 52827: (0, 1), 52841: (0, 3), 52855: (0, 3), 52869: (0, 2), 52883: (0, 2), 52897: (0, 4), 52911: (0, 3), 52925: (0, 2), 52939: (0, 2), 52953: (1, 5), 52967: (1, 3), 52981: (0, 1), 52995: (0, 0), 53009: (0, 3), 53023: (0, 4), 53037: (0, 1), 53051: (0, 2), 53065: (0, 5), 53079: (0, 3), 53093: (0, 2), 53107: (0, 1), 53121: (0, 4), 53135: (0, 2), 53149: (0, 1), 53163: (0, 0), 53177: (0, 3), 53191: (0, 1), 53205: (0, 0), 53219: (0, 0), 53233: (255, 3), 53247: (255, 1), 53261: (255, 0), 53275: (0, 0), 53289: (0, 4), 53303: (1, 3), 53317: (1, 1), 53331: (1, 127), 53345: (2, 4), 53359: (3, 2), 53373: (2, 2), 53387: (1, 1), 53401: (0, 3), 53415: (1, 3), 53429: (0, 1), 53443: (0, 1), 53457: (0, 2), 53471: (0, 3), 53485: (0, 1), 53499: (0, 1), 53513: (0, 1), 53527: (0, 5), 53541: (0, 1), 53555: (0, 1), 53569: (0, 2), 53583: (0, 4), 53597: (0, 2), 53611: (1, 2), 53625: (1, 4), 53639: (0, 3), 53653: (255, 1), 53667: (0, 2), 53681: (1, 5), 53695: (0, 3), 53709: (1, 1), 53723: (1, 127), 53737: (1, 1), 53751: (1, 126), 53765: (1, 125), 53779: (1, 125), 53793: (0, 2), 53807: (0, 126), 53821: (1, 127), 53835: (0, 127), 53849: (255, 4), 53863: (0, 0), 53877: (1, 1), 53891: (0, 0), 53905: (255, 5), 53919: (0, 1), 53933: (1, 1), 53947: (1, 1), 53961: (0, 5), 53975: (0, 1), 53989: (0, 0), 54003: (0, 0), 54017: (0, 4), 54031: (0, 0), 54045: (255, 0), 54059: (0, 1), 54073: (1, 5), 54087: (1, 1), 54101: (1, 0), 54115: (1, 1), 54129: (2, 2), 54143: (2, 3), 54157: (1, 1), 54171: (1, 3), 54185: (1, 3), 54199: (0, 0), 54213: (0, 1), 54227: (1, 6), 54241: (0, 2), 54255: (255, 1), 54269: (0, 1), 54283: (1, 6), 54297: (0, 2), 54311: (255, 1), 54325: (255, 1), 54339: (0, 6), 54353: (0, 1), 54367: (0, 1), 54381: (0, 1), 54395: (0, 4), 54409: (0, 1), 54423: (1, 2), 54437: (1, 4), 54451: (1, 4), 54465: (1, 2), 54479: (0, 1), 54493: (255, 4), 54507: (255, 3), 54521: (0, 2), 54535: (0, 2), 54549: (0, 7), 54563: (255, 2), 54577: (255, 1), 54591: (0, 2), 54605: (0, 8), 54619: (0, 2), 54633: (0, 2), 54647: (0, 2), 54661: (255, 5), 54675: (0, 2), 54689: (0, 2), 54703: (0, 3), 54717: (255, 3), 54731: (255, 1), 54745: (255, 1), 54759: (255, 4), 54773: (0, 2), 54787: (0, 1), 54801: (255, 1), 54815: (255, 6), 54829: (0, 1), 54843: (1, 2), 54857: (1, 2), 54871: (1, 8), 54885: (1, 2), 54899: (0, 1), 54913: (255, 1), 54927: (1, 6), 54941: (1, 1), 54955: (2, 2), 54969: (1, 2), 54983: (0, 4), 54997: (0, 2), 55011: (1, 2), 55025: (1, 6), 55039: (1, 3), 55053: (1, 2), 55067: (255, 2), 55081: (255, 7), 55095: (0, 3), 55109: (0, 2), 55123: (0, 1), 55137: (0, 6), 55151: (0, 1), 55165: (255, 1), 55179: (255, 1), 55193: (255, 5), 55207: (0, 1), 55221: (0, 1), 55235: (255, 3), 55249: (255, 2), 55263: (255, 1), 55277: (0, 1), 55291: (1, 5), 55305: (0, 1), 55319: (255, 0), 55333: (255, 0), 55347: (255, 6), 55361: (0, 1), 55375: (0, 1), 55389: (255, 0), 55403: (255, 6), 55417: (255, 1), 55431: (254, 0), 55445: (255, 0), 55459: (0, 6), 55473: (0, 1), 55487: (255, 0), 55501: (254, 0), 55515: (254, 4), 55529: (255, 1), 55543: (1, 1), 55557: (1, 0), 55571: (1, 127), 55585: (0, 5), 55599: (0, 2), 55613: (1, 2), 55627: (2, 1), 55641: (1, 4), 55655: (1, 3), 55669: (0, 1), 55683: (0, 1), 55697: (0, 2), 55711: (0, 4), 55725: (0, 2), 55739: (0, 1), 55753: (0, 2), 55767: (0, 7), 55781: (0, 2), 55795: (0, 1), 55809: (1, 1), 55823: (0, 5), 55837: (0, 0), 55851: (255, 1), 55865: (0, 1), 55879: (0, 6), 55893: (0, 2), 55907: (255, 0), 55921: (255, 0), 55935: (255, 5), 55949: (255, 1), 55963: (0, 1), 55977: (0, 2), 55991: (0, 7), 56005: (0, 2), 56019: (0, 1), 56033: (0, 1), 56047: (0, 6), 56061: (0, 1), 56075: (1, 0), 56089: (1, 127), 56103: (1, 4), 56117: (1, 127), 56131: (2, 127), 56145: (2, 127), 56159: (2, 1), 56173: (1, 126), 56187: (1, 125), 56201: (1, 127), 56215: (1, 2), 56229: (0, 0), 56243: (0, 0), 56257: (1, 0), 56271: (1, 4), 56285: (1, 0), 56299: (1, 0), 56313: (1, 1), 56327: (1, 3), 56341: (0, 1), 56355: (0, 1), 56369: (0, 1), 56383: (1, 4), 56397: (1, 2), 56411: (0, 1), 56425: (0, 2), 56439: (0, 3), 56453: (0, 0), 56467: (255, 0), 56481: (0, 1), 56495: (0, 3), 56509: (255, 0), 56523: (0, 0), 56537: (0, 1), 56551: (0, 3), 56565: (0, 2), 56579: (0, 1), 56593: (0, 2), 56607: (0, 4), 56621: (255, 1), 56635: (0, 0), 56649: (0, 1), 56663: (0, 5), 56677: (0, 1), 56691: (255, 1), 56705: (0, 0), 56719: (0, 2), 56733: (0, 127), 56747: (0, 0), 56761: (0, 127), 56775: (255, 4), 56789: (0, 0), 56803: (1, 1), 56817: (2, 0), 56831: (1, 4), 56845: (1, 0), 56859: (2, 127), 56873: (2, 1), 56887: (2, 5), 56901: (1, 1), 56915: (0, 0), 56929: (0, 2), 56943: (0, 4), 56957: (0, 1), 56971: (255, 1), 56985: (0, 2), 56999: (0, 4), 57013: (0, 1), 57027: (255, 0), 57041: (255, 2), 57055: (1, 2), 57069: (0, 0), 57083: (0, 1), 57097: (255, 1), 57111: (255, 2), 57125: (255, 0), 57139: (255, 0), 57153: (0, 2), 57167: (0, 3), 57181: (1, 0), 57195: (1, 0), 57209: (0, 2), 57223: (0, 2), 57237: (0, 1), 57251: (0, 1), 57265: (0, 3), 57279: (0, 3), 57293: (0, 2), 57307: (0, 1), 57321: (0, 3), 57335: (1, 4), 57349: (0, 2), 57363: (255, 1), 57377: (0, 4), 57391: (0, 3), 57405: (0, 2), 57419: (0, 1), 57433: (0, 3), 57447: (0, 4), 57461: (0, 1), 57475: (0, 0), 57489: (0, 2), 57503: (1, 3), 57517: (1, 1), 57531: (1, 0), 57545: (1, 3), 57559: (1, 2), 57573: (0, 0), 57587: (1, 0), 57601: (1, 2), 57615: (0, 2), 57629: (255, 0), 57643: (255, 0), 57657: (0, 3), 57671: (0, 3), 57685: (255, 0), 57699: (255, 0), 57713: (255, 1), 57727: (0, 3), 57741: (0, 1), 57755: (255, 0), 57769: (255, 0), 57783: (255, 5), 57797: (0, 1), 57811: (0, 1), 57825: (1, 2), 57839: (0, 6), 57853: (0, 1), 57867: (0, 1), 57881: (0, 0), 57895: (0, 6), 57909: (255, 1), 57923: (0, 1), 57937: (0, 1), 57951: (0, 6), 57965: (0, 1), 57979: (0, 1), 57993: (1, 1), 58007: (1, 5), 58021: (0, 1), 58035: (0, 0), 58049: (0, 0), 58063: (1, 5), 58077: (1, 2), 58091: (0, 1), 58105: (0, 127), 58119: (0, 3), 58133: (1, 1), 58147: (1, 0), 58161: (1, 0), 58175: (1, 127), 58189: (0, 1), 58203: (0, 0), 58217: (0, 0), 58231: (0, 0), 58245: (255, 4), 58259: (255, 0), 58273: (255, 0), 58287: (0, 1), 58301: (255, 5), 58315: (1, 1), 58329: (1, 1), 58343: (1, 0), 58357: (1, 4), 58371: (1, 1), 58385: (0, 0), 58399: (0, 1), 58413: (0, 5), 58427: (0, 2), 58441: (255, 1), 58455: (255, 0), 58469: (0, 5), 58483: (0, 2), 58497: (0, 2), 58511: (0, 1), 58525: (255, 5), 58539: (255, 2), 58553: (255, 2), 58567: (0, 1), 58581: (0, 4), 58595: (0, 2), 58609: (255, 1), 58623: (255, 0), 58637: (255, 4), 58651: (0, 2), 58665: (0, 1), 58679: (0, 1), 58693: (255, 3), 58707: (255, 2), 58721: (254, 0), 58735: (0, 0), 58749: (1, 1), 58763: (0, 2), 58777: (0, 0), 58791: (0, 127), 58805: (1, 0), 58819: (2, 3), 58833: (2, 2), 58847: (2, 1), 58861: (2, 1), 58875: (1, 4), 58889: (0, 1), 58903: (0, 1), 58917: (1, 0), 58931: (1, 6), 58945: (1, 2), 58959: (0, 2), 58973: (255, 0), 58987: (0, 5), 59001: (1, 2), 59015: (2, 2), 59029: (1, 2), 59043: (0, 5), 59057: (0, 2), 59071: (1, 2), 59085: (1, 0), 59099: (1, 3), 59113: (1, 1), 59127: (0, 1), 59141: (0, 0), 59155: (0, 4), 59169: (0, 3), 59183: (1, 2), 59197: (1, 2), 59211: (1, 2), 59225: (0, 3), 59239: (0, 1), 59253: (0, 1), 59267: (1, 1), 59281: (1, 4), 59295: (0, 1), 59309: (255, 1), 59323: (255, 1), 59337: (0, 4), 59351: (1, 1), 59365: (0, 1), 59379: (0, 1), 59393: (0, 6), 59407: (1, 3), 59421: (2, 3), 59435: (2, 2), 59449: (1, 6), 59463: (1, 2), 59477: (1, 1), 59491: (1, 0), 59505: (1, 7), 59519: (1, 1), 59533: (0, 1), 59547: (0, 1), 59561: (0, 5), 59575: (0, 2), 59589: (0, 1), 59603: (0, 1), 59617: (0, 5), 59631: (0, 1), 59645: (255, 0), 59659: (0, 0), 59673: (0, 4), 59687: (0, 0), 59701: (0, 0), 59715: (255, 1), 59729: (255, 2), 59743: (0, 0), 59757: (0, 0), 59771: (255, 2), 59785: (0, 1), 59799: (0, 1), 59813: (0, 1), 59827: (0, 5), 59841: (255, 2), 59855: (255, 1), 59869: (0, 1), 59883: (255, 3), 59897: (255, 2), 59911: (0, 0), 59925: (0, 0), 59939: (0, 0), 59953: (0, 3), 59967: (0, 1), 59981: (0, 1), 59995: (0, 0), 60009: (0, 5), 60023: (0, 2), 60037: (0, 1), 60051: (255, 0), 60065: (255, 6), 60079: (0, 2), 60093: (0, 1), 60107: (0, 1), 60121: (255, 6), 60135: (0, 1), 60149: (1, 0), 60163: (1, 127), 60177: (1, 2), 60191: (1, 1), 60205: (1, 127), 60219: (1, 126), 60233: (2, 126), 60247: (3, 127), 60261: (1, 126), 60275: (0, 126), 60289: (0, 126), 60303: (0, 4), 60317: (0, 0), 60331: (1, 0), 60345: (2, 1), 60359: (2, 5), 60373: (1, 1), 60387: (0, 0), 60401: (1, 0), 60415: (1, 3), 60429: (1, 2), 60443: (0, 0), 60457: (0, 0), 60471: (1, 1), 60485: (0, 3), 60499: (1, 0), 60513: (1, 0), 60527: (1, 127), 60541: (1, 3), 60555: (2, 0), 60569: (2, 1), 60583: (2, 1), 60597: (1, 4), 60611: (2, 0), 60625: (1, 0), 60639: (0, 0), 60653: (0, 5), 60667: (1, 2), 60681: (1, 1), 60695: (0, 0), 60709: (255, 6), 60723: (0, 1), 60737: (0, 1), 60751: (0, 1), 60765: (0, 6), 60779: (0, 2), 60793: (1, 2), 60807: (0, 1), 60821: (0, 6), 60835: (0, 1), 60849: (0, 1), 60863: (0, 1), 60877: (0, 5), 60891: (0, 1), 60905: (0, 0), 60919: (255, 0), 60933: (0, 5), 60947: (0, 1), 60961: (1, 1), 60975: (0, 1), 60989: (255, 4), 61003: (0, 1), 61017: (255, 0), 61031: (0, 1), 61045: (255, 2), 61059: (255, 0), 61073: (255, 0), 61087: (0, 3), 61101: (0, 1), 61115: (0, 0), 61129: (0, 0), 61143: (1, 5), 61157: (0, 3), 61171: (255, 1), 61185: (0, 1), 61199: (0, 6), 61213: (1, 3), 61227: (2, 1), 61241: (1, 0), 61255: (1, 7), 61269: (2, 2), 61283: (1, 2), 61297: (1, 1), 61311: (0, 5), 61325: (0, 2), 61339: (1, 2), 61353: (0, 1), 61367: (0, 5), 61381: (1, 1), 61395: (1, 2), 61409: (0, 1), 61423: (0, 6), 61437: (0, 3), 61451: (0, 1), 61465: (0, 1), 61479: (0, 6), 61493: (1, 3), 61507: (1, 1), 61521: (1, 1), 61535: (1, 6), 61549: (1, 3), 61563: (0, 2), 61577: (0, 1), 61591: (0, 6), 61605: (1, 3), 61619: (0, 2), 61633: (0, 1), 61647: (0, 5), 61661: (0, 2), 61675: (0, 1), 61689: (0, 1), 61703: (255, 4), 61717: (255, 1), 61731: (255, 2), 61745: (0, 1), 61759: (255, 5), 61773: (255, 1), 61787: (0, 1), 61801: (1, 0), 61815: (0, 4), 61829: (1, 2), 61843: (1, 2), 61857: (1, 1), 61871: (2, 5), 61885: (1, 2), 61899: (0, 1), 61913: (0, 0), 61927: (0, 6), 61941: (1, 2), 61955: (0, 1), 61969: (0, 1), 61983: (255, 5), 61997: (0, 2), 62011: (0, 1), 62025: (0, 0), 62039: (0, 6), 62053: (0, 2), 62067: (0, 3), 62081: (0, 1), 62095: (0, 6), 62109: (0, 2), 62123: (1, 1), 62137: (1, 2), 62151: (0, 6), 62165: (0, 2), 62179: (255, 1), 62193: (0, 1), 62207: (1, 6), 62221: (2, 2), 62235: (0, 127), 62249: (0, 0), 62263: (0, 5), 62277: (1, 3), 62291: (1, 1), 62305: (1, 2), 62319: (1, 5), 62333: (1, 2), 62347: (3, 0), 62361: (1, 0), 62375: (1, 4), 62389: (1, 1), 62403: (1, 0), 62417: (0, 0), 62431: (0, 5), 62445: (0, 0), 62459: (0, 1), 62473: (1, 0), 62487: (0, 5), 62501: (255, 0), 62515: (255, 0), 62529: (255, 0), 62543: (0, 5), 62557: (0, 1), 62571: (0, 0), 62585: (0, 0), 62599: (255, 5), 62613: (255, 0), 62627: (0, 0), 62641: (0, 127), 62655: (0, 5), 62669: (255, 0), 62683: (255, 0), 62697: (255, 127), 62711: (255, 5), 62725: (0, 0), 62739: (1, 0), 62753: (1, 0), 62767: (0, 1), 62781: (0, 1), 62795: (1, 0), 62809: (2, 1), 62823: (2, 3), 62837: (0, 6), 62851: (0, 1), 62865: (0, 1), 62879: (1, 0), 62893: (0, 5), 62907: (0, 1), 62921: (255, 0), 62935: (0, 1), 62949: (0, 2), 62963: (0, 3), 62977: (0, 1), 62991: (0, 1), 63005: (255, 1), 63019: (0, 7), 63033: (0, 1), 63047: (0, 1), 63061: (0, 0), 63075: (1, 4), 63089: (1, 1), 63103: (0, 0), 63117: (0, 1), 63131: (0, 3), 63145: (1, 3), 63159: (1, 1), 63173: (0, 127), 63187: (0, 127), 63201: (1, 2), 63215: (1, 126), 63229: (1, 126), 63243: (0, 127), 63257: (1, 4), 63271: (1, 127), 63285: (1, 126), 63299: (1, 125), 63313: (0, 4), 63327: (0, 0), 63341: (1, 0), 63355: (1, 0), 63369: (0, 3), 63383: (1, 126), 63397: (2, 125), 63411: (1, 124), 63425: (0, 0), 63439: (0, 125), 63453: (0, 126), 63467: (1, 126), 63481: (1, 2), 63495: (1, 127), 63509: (0, 127), 63523: (0, 127), 63537: (0, 3), 63551: (1, 2), 63565: (0, 1), 63579: (0, 0), 63593: (0, 1), 63607: (0, 4), 63621: (1, 1), 63635: (0, 1), 63649: (0, 1), 63663: (0, 5), 63677: (0, 2), 63691: (0, 1), 63705: (0, 1), 63719: (1, 4), 63733: (1, 0), 63747: (1, 127), 63761: (1, 126), 63775: (1, 1), 63789: (2, 125), 63803: (3, 124), 63817: (2, 125), 63831: (1, 4), 63845: (0, 0), 63859: (0, 127), 63873: (1, 0), 63887: (0, 5), 63901: (0, 0), 63915: (0, 0), 63929: (0, 1), 63943: (0, 5), 63957: (255, 1), 63971: (255, 0), 63985: (255, 0), 63999: (0, 5), 64013: (0, 1), 64027: (255, 0), 64041: (255, 127), 64055: (0, 4), 64069: (0, 1), 64083: (1, 1), 64097: (255, 127), 64111: (255, 3), 64125: (255, 1), 64139: (0, 1), 64153: (0, 0), 64167: (255, 5), 64181: (255, 0), 64195: (255, 0), 64209: (0, 0), 64223: (255, 4), 64237: (0, 1), 64251: (0, 127), 64265: (1, 0), 64279: (1, 0), 64293: (0, 5), 64307: (255, 0), 64321: (0, 0), 64335: (0, 1), 64349: (0, 5), 64363: (0, 2), 64377: (255, 0), 64391: (0, 0), 64405: (0, 1), 64419: (0, 2), 64433: (0, 1), 64447: (255, 1), 64461: (255, 0), 64475: (255, 6), 64489: (0, 2), 64503: (0, 1), 64517: (0, 1), 64531: (0, 5), 64545: (255, 2), 64559: (255, 0), 64573: (0, 1), 64587: (0, 4), 64601: (0, 2), 64615: (0, 1), 64629: (255, 1), 64643: (255, 1), 64657: (0, 6), 64671: (0, 2), 64685: (0, 0), 64699: (1, 1), 64713: (0, 4), 64727: (1, 2), 64741: (2, 3), 64755: (1, 1), 64769: (255, 4), 64783: (0, 4), 64797: (0, 1), 64811: (0, 1), 64825: (0, 1), 64839: (0, 4), 64853: (255, 1), 64867: (0, 1), 64881: (0, 0), 64895: (255, 4), 64909: (255, 0), 64923: (255, 0), 64937: (255, 0), 64951: (255, 5), 64965: (254, 0), 64979: (255, 0), 64993: (255, 0), 65007: (255, 5), 65021: (255, 1), 65035: (254, 0), 65049: (254, 0), 65063: (0, 6), 65077: (0, 1), 65091: (255, 0), 65105: (254, 0), 65119: (254, 5), 65133: (255, 0), 65147: (255, 0), 65161: (254, 0), 65175: (254, 4), 65189: (255, 1), 65203: (255, 1), 65217: (255, 2), 65231: (255, 3), 65245: (0, 3), 65259: (0, 1), 65273: (255, 1), 65287: (255, 2), 65301: (255, 3), 65315: (0, 2), 65329: (0, 2), 65343: (0, 2), 65357: (255, 5), 65371: (254, 2), 65385: (255, 1), 65399: (0, 2), 65413: (0, 7), 65427: (255, 1), 65441: (255, 1), 65455: (255, 1), 65469: (0, 5), 65483: (1, 1), 65497: (1, 2), 65511: (1, 2), 65525: (0, 6), 65539: (1, 3), 65553: (0, 1), 65567: (0, 1), 65581: (0, 5), 65595: (0, 3), 65609: (0, 1), 65623: (255, 0), 65637: (254, 5), 65651: (0, 1), 65665: (0, 1), 65679: (0, 0), 65693: (0, 5), 65707: (0, 1), 65721: (255, 0), 65735: (0, 1), 65749: (1, 6), 65763: (1, 0), 65777: (1, 127), 65791: (1, 127), 65805: (0, 5), 65819: (1, 1), 65833: (0, 0), 65847: (0, 1), 65861: (0, 5), 65875: (0, 1), 65889: (255, 1), 65903: (255, 1), 65917: (0, 5), 65931: (1, 2), 65945: (0, 1), 65959: (255, 1), 65973: (255, 4), 65987: (1, 0), 66001: (1, 0), 66015: (1, 1), 66029: (1, 1), 66043: (0, 127), 66057: (0, 127), 66071: (0, 127), 66085: (0, 4), 66099: (0, 1), 66113: (0, 0), 66127: (0, 0), 66141: (0, 5), 66155: (0, 0), 66169: (0, 0), 66183: (0, 0), 66197: (0, 3), 66211: (0, 0), 66225: (255, 127), 66239: (255, 127), 66253: (0, 4), 66267: (0, 0), 66281: (255, 0), 66295: (255, 0), 66309: (255, 5), 66323: (255, 1), 66337: (255, 0), 66351: (255, 0), 66365: (255, 1), 66379: (255, 2), 66393: (255, 0), 66407: (255, 0), 66421: (0, 0), 66435: (0, 4), 66449: (0, 1), 66463: (1, 2), 66477: (1, 1), 66491: (1, 0), 66505: (1, 5), 66519: (2, 1), 66533: (1, 2), 66547: (1, 0), 66561: (0, 4), 66575: (0, 2), 66589: (0, 1), 66603: (1, 1), 66617: (0, 1), 66631: (0, 4), 66645: (0, 2), 66659: (1, 1), 66673: (1, 1), 66687: (1, 6), 66701: (1, 1), 66715: (1, 1), 66729: (1, 1), 66743: (1, 5), 66757: (1, 2), 66771: (0, 1), 66785: (0, 1), 66799: (0, 2), 66813: (1, 3), 66827: (1, 1), 66841: (1, 0), 66855: (2, 0), 66869: (2, 3), 66883: (1, 0), 66897: (0, 127), 66911: (1, 127), 66925: (1, 4), 66939: (0, 0), 66953: (0, 0), 66967: (0, 127), 66981: (0, 5), 66995: (0, 1), 67009: (0, 1), 67023: (1, 0), 67037: (0, 4), 67051: (0, 0), 67065: (0, 127), 67079: (0, 126), 67093: (1, 127), 67107: (1, 3), 67121: (0, 0), 67135: (255, 127), 67149: (0, 0), 67163: (0, 3), 67177: (0, 0), 67191: (0, 0), 67205: (0, 0), 67219: (0, 3), 67233: (0, 0), 67247: (0, 0), 67261: (0, 0), 67275: (0, 2), 67289: (0, 0), 67303: (255, 127), 67317: (255, 127), 67331: (255, 2), 67345: (0, 0), 67359: (255, 127), 67373: (255, 127), 67387: (1, 3), 67401: (0, 1), 67415: (0, 0), 67429: (0, 0), 67443: (0, 5), 67457: (0, 2), 67471: (0, 1), 67485: (0, 1), 67499: (0, 0), 67513: (255, 5), 67527: (0, 1), 67541: (0, 0), 67555: (0, 127), 67569: (255, 4), 67583: (0, 0), 67597: (0, 0), 67611: (1, 126), 67625: (1, 127), 67639: (1, 0), 67653: (1, 127), 67667: (1, 127), 67681: (1, 127), 67695: (0, 4), 67709: (0, 0), 67723: (0, 127), 67737: (0, 0), 67751: (0, 1), 67765: (0, 2), 67779: (0, 0), 67793: (1, 0), 67807: (1, 127), 67821: (0, 4), 67835: (0, 0), 67849: (0, 127), 67863: (1, 127), 67877: (1, 1), 67891: (1, 0), 67905: (0, 126), 67919: (0, 126), 67933: (1, 127), 67947: (0, 4), 67961: (0, 0), 67975: (0, 0), 67989: (0, 0), 68003: (0, 3), 68017: (1, 2), 68031: (1, 0), 68045: (1, 0), 68059: (2, 1), 68073: (2, 2), 68087: (0, 0), 68101: (0, 0), 68115: (1, 1), 68129: (1, 5), 68143: (1, 1), 68157: (0, 0), 68171: (1, 0), 68185: (0, 5), 68199: (1, 2), 68213: (1, 1), 68227: (0, 0), 68241: (0, 3), 68255: (0, 2), 68269: (0, 1), 68283: (0, 0), 68297: (0, 1), 68311: (0, 4), 68325: (0, 1), 68339: (0, 0), 68353: (1, 0), 68367: (1, 5), 68381: (1, 1), 68395: (1, 127), 68409: (1, 127), 68423: (0, 4), 68437: (0, 1), 68451: (0, 0), 68465: (0, 0), 68479: (255, 3), 68493: (0, 2), 68507: (0, 1), 68521: (0, 1), 68535: (0, 2), 68549: (0, 3), 68563: (0, 1), 68577: (0, 0), 68591: (0, 1), 68605: (0, 6), 68619: (0, 1), 68633: (0, 1), 68647: (0, 1), 68661: (0, 5), 68675: (0, 2), 68689: (0, 1), 68703: (0, 1), 68717: (0, 4), 68731: (0, 2), 68745: (0, 1), 68759: (255, 0), 68773: (255, 2), 68787: (0, 2), 68801: (1, 1), 68815: (0, 1), 68829: (1, 2), 68843: (1, 4), 68857: (2, 3), 68871: (2, 2), 68885: (2, 3), 68899: (2, 5), 68913: (2, 2), 68927: (2, 1), 68941: (2, 2), 68955: (2, 5), 68969: (2, 2), 68983: (2, 2), 68997: (2, 1), 69011: (1, 6), 69025: (1, 2), 69039: (2, 2), 69053: (2, 1), 69067: (1, 6), 69081: (1, 2), 69095: (1, 1), 69109: (1, 1), 69123: (2, 4), 69137: (3, 2), 69151: (2, 1), 69165: (1, 0), 69179: (1, 2), 69193: (2, 4), 69207: (2, 1), 69221: (1, 0), 69235: (1, 0), 69249: (0, 6), 69263: (0, 1), 69277: (0, 1), 69291: (0, 1), 69305: (0, 1), 69319: (1, 4), 69333: (0, 2), 69347: (0, 0), 69361: (0, 0), 69375: (0, 5), 69389: (1, 0), 69403: (0, 0), 69417: (0, 0), 69431: (255, 4), 69445: (255, 1), 69459: (0, 0), 69473: (0, 0), 69487: (255, 3), 69501: (255, 1), 69515: (254, 0), 69529: (255, 0), 69543: (0, 3), 69557: (255, 0), 69571: (255, 0), 69585: (255, 0), 69599: (255, 3), 69613: (255, 1), 69627: (255, 0), 69641: (255, 0), 69655: (255, 0), 69669: (255, 3), 69683: (254, 0), 69697: (254, 127), 69711: (255, 0), 69725: (0, 1), 69739: (255, 2), 69753: (255, 0), 69767: (254, 127), 69781: (255, 0), 69795: (0, 2), 69809: (0, 2), 69823: (0, 1), 69837: (255, 0), 69851: (0, 0), 69865: (0, 1), 69879: (0, 4), 69893: (0, 1), 69907: (0, 1), 69921: (255, 0), 69935: (255, 2), 69949: (255, 2), 69963: (0, 1), 69977: (0, 1), 69991: (0, 1), 70005: (255, 4), 70019: (255, 1), 70033: (255, 1), 70047: (0, 0), 70061: (0, 1), 70075: (0, 6), 70089: (255, 0), 70103: (255, 0), 70117: (0, 0), 70131: (0, 0), 70145: (0, 5), 70159: (0, 2), 70173: (255, 1), 70187: (255, 1), 70201: (0, 3), 70215: (0, 3), 70229: (0, 1), 70243: (0, 2), 70257: (255, 2), 70271: (255, 4), 70285: (0, 1), 70299: (0, 2), 70313: (0, 1), 70327: (0, 4), 70341: (0, 2), 70355: (255, 1), 70369: (255, 1), 70383: (0, 5), 70397: (1, 3), 70411: (0, 1), 70425: (255, 2), 70439: (255, 3), 70453: (0, 2), 70467: (0, 1), 70481: (0, 4), 70495: (255, 2), 70509: (255, 1), 70523: (0, 1), 70537: (0, 4), 70551: (0, 1), 70565: (255, 0), 70579: (255, 0), 70593: (255, 5), 70607: (255, 0), 70621: (255, 0), 70635: (255, 0), 70649: (255, 3), 70663: (0, 0), 70677: (255, 0), 70691: (254, 3), 70705: (255, 1), 70719: (0, 1), 70733: (0, 1), 70747: (0, 4), 70761: (255, 1), 70775: (1, 0), 70789: (1, 0), 70803: (1, 5), 70817: (2, 3), 70831: (1, 2), 70845: (1, 2), 70859: (1, 3), 70873: (0, 2), 70887: (0, 1), 70901: (255, 0), 70915: (0, 3), 70929: (0, 2), 70943: (0, 1), 70957: (255, 1), 70971: (255, 2), 70985: (0, 4), 70999: (0, 2), 71013: (0, 1), 71027: (0, 3), 71041: (0, 3), 71055: (0, 2), 71069: (0, 2), 71083: (0, 3), 71097: (255, 2), 71111: (0, 2), 71125: (255, 1), 71139: (255, 1), 71153: (0, 4), 71167: (255, 1), 71181: (0, 0), 71195: (0, 0), 71209: (0, 5), 71223: (0, 0), 71237: (0, 127), 71251: (1, 126), 71265: (1, 2), 71279: (0, 125), 71293: (255, 126), 71307: (0, 127), 71321: (0, 5), 71335: (0, 0), 71349: (255, 127), 71363: (0, 127), 71377: (0, 4), 71391: (1, 1), 71405: (0, 0), 71419: (0, 0), 71433: (0, 3), 71447: (0, 1), 71461: (0, 0), 71475: (0, 0), 71489: (1, 2), 71503: (0, 2), 71517: (0, 0), 71531: (1, 0), 71545: (0, 0), 71559: (0, 4), 71573: (1, 1), 71587: (1, 1), 71601: (0, 0), 71615: (0, 4), 71629: (0, 0), 71643: (1, 0), 71657: (0, 0), 71671: (0, 5), 71685: (0, 1), 71699: (0, 1), 71713: (0, 0), 71727: (0, 5), 71741: (0, 1), 71755: (0, 0), 71769: (1, 0), 71783: (0, 5), 71797: (1, 0), 71811: (1, 0), 71825: (0, 0), 71839: (0, 4), 71853: (1, 2), 71867: (1, 0), 71881: (0, 127), 71895: (255, 3), 71909: (0, 1), 71923: (1, 0), 71937: (0, 127), 71951: (255, 2), 71965: (0, 1), 71979: (0, 0), 71993: (0, 127), 72007: (255, 2), 72021: (0, 2), 72035: (0, 0), 72049: (255, 0), 72063: (0, 0), 72077: (0, 5), 72091: (0, 1), 72105: (255, 1), 72119: (255, 1), 72133: (0, 6), 72147: (0, 1), 72161: (0, 1), 72175: (255, 1), 72189: (255, 4), 72203: (0, 2), 72217: (0, 1), 72231: (0, 0), 72245: (0, 2), 72259: (0, 4), 72273: (0, 1), 72287: (255, 0), 72301: (0, 127), 72315: (0, 3), 72329: (1, 1), 72343: (0, 0), 72357: (255, 0), 72371: (254, 3), 72385: (255, 3), 72399: (0, 1), 72413: (0, 1), 72427: (0, 1), 72441: (255, 6), 72455: (0, 2), 72469: (0, 1), 72483: (0, 1), 72497: (255, 6), 72511: (0, 2), 72525: (0, 1), 72539: (255, 0), 72553: (255, 3), 72567: (0, 2), 72581: (0, 2), 72595: (0, 1), 72609: (255, 1), 72623: (255, 4), 72637: (255, 0), 72651: (255, 1), 72665: (0, 0), 72679: (255, 6), 72693: (255, 0), 72707: (255, 0), 72721: (255, 0), 72735: (255, 5), 72749: (255, 0), 72763: (255, 0), 72777: (255, 0), 72791: (255, 4), 72805: (255, 1), 72819: (254, 0), 72833: (255, 127), 72847: (255, 3), 72861: (255, 2), 72875: (254, 0), 72889: (255, 0), 72903: (255, 0), 72917: (255, 4), 72931: (0, 0), 72945: (255, 0), 72959: (254, 127), 72973: (254, 2), 72987: (0, 2), 73001: (0, 1), 73015: (255, 0), 73029: (255, 0), 73043: (255, 5), 73057: (255, 2), 73071: (255, 0), 73085: (255, 0), 73099: (255, 1), 73113: (255, 6), 73127: (255, 2), 73141: (255, 1), 73155: (255, 1), 73169: (255, 1), 73183: (0, 4), 73197: (0, 3), 73211: (255, 1), 73225: (255, 1), 73239: (255, 5), 73253: (0, 2), 73267: (0, 2), 73281: (0, 1), 73295: (0, 1), 73309: (255, 6), 73323: (255, 2), 73337: (255, 1), 73351: (0, 1), 73365: (255, 1), 73379: (255, 3), 73393: (255, 1), 73407: (0, 0), 73421: (0, 0), 73435: (0, 3), 73449: (0, 2), 73463: (0, 2), 73477: (255, 0), 73491: (255, 3), 73505: (0, 3), 73519: (0, 1), 73533: (0, 1), 73547: (255, 2), 73561: (254, 4), 73575: (255, 2), 73589: (255, 1), 73603: (0, 2), 73617: (255, 5), 73631: (255, 2), 73645: (255, 2), 73659: (0, 1), 73673: (0, 6), 73687: (0, 2), 73701: (255, 0), 73715: (255, 0), 73729: (255, 5), 73743: (255, 0), 73757: (255, 0), 73771: (255, 0), 73785: (255, 5), 73799: (255, 1), 73813: (254, 0), 73827: (255, 127), 73841: (255, 5), 73855: (0, 1), 73869: (255, 0), 73883: (254, 127), 73897: (255, 5), 73911: (0, 1), 73925: (255, 0), 73939: (255, 0), 73953: (255, 4), 73967: (255, 0), 73981: (255, 0), 73995: (255, 0), 74009: (255, 4), 74023: (255, 0), 74037: (254, 0), 74051: (254, 0), 74065: (255, 5), 74079: (255, 2), 74093: (255, 2), 74107: (255, 0), 74121: (255, 4), 74135: (0, 2), 74149: (255, 1), 74163: (255, 0), 74177: (0, 1), 74191: (0, 6), 74205: (255, 1), 74219: (255, 1), 74233: (0, 1), 74247: (255, 5), 74261: (0, 3), 74275: (0, 2), 74289: (0, 1), 74303: (0, 2), 74317: (255, 5), 74331: (255, 2), 74345: (255, 2), 74359: (255, 1), 74373: (255, 6), 74387: (0, 3), 74401: (0, 2), 74415: (255, 1), 74429: (255, 4), 74443: (0, 3), 74457: (0, 2), 74471: (0, 1), 74485: (255, 1), 74499: (0, 5), 74513: (1, 2), 74527: (1, 2), 74541: (1, 1), 74555: (1, 6), 74569: (1, 3), 74583: (1, 2), 74597: (1, 2), 74611: (1, 6), 74625: (1, 2), 74639: (1, 2), 74653: (1, 2), 74667: (1, 7), 74681: (1, 1), 74695: (1, 0), 74709: (1, 1), 74723: (1, 6), 74737: (0, 1), 74751: (1, 1), 74765: (1, 0), 74779: (0, 5), 74793: (1, 0), 74807: (1, 1), 74821: (1, 0), 74835: (0, 5), 74849: (1, 1), 74863: (1, 0), 74877: (1, 0), 74891: (0, 5), 74905: (0, 0), 74919: (0, 0), 74933: (0, 0), 74947: (0, 4), 74961: (0, 0), 74975: (0, 0), 74989: (0, 0), 75003: (0, 4), 75017: (0, 0), 75031: (255, 0), 75045: (0, 1), 75059: (0, 4), 75073: (255, 1), 75087: (255, 1), 75101: (0, 0), 75115: (0, 5), 75129: (0, 0), 75143: (0, 1), 75157: (255, 0), 75171: (0, 5), 75185: (0, 2), 75199: (0, 1), 75213: (255, 0), 75227: (255, 6), 75241: (0, 3), 75255: (0, 2), 75269: (0, 1), 75283: (255, 5), 75297: (255, 1), 75311: (255, 1), 75325: (255, 0), 75339: (255, 5), 75353: (255, 0), 75367: (255, 0), 75381: (255, 0), 75395: (255, 5), 75409: (255, 0), 75423: (255, 0), 75437: (255, 127), 75451: (255, 5), 75465: (255, 1), 75479: (255, 0), 75493: (254, 0), 75507: (255, 5), 75521: (0, 2), 75535: (1, 1), 75549: (1, 1), 75563: (0, 6), 75577: (1, 3), 75591: (1, 2), 75605: (1, 1), 75619: (1, 4), 75633: (2, 1), 75647: (1, 0), 75661: (0, 0), 75675: (255, 1), 75689: (0, 3), 75703: (0, 2), 75717: (0, 1), 75731: (0, 0), 75745: (255, 6), 75759: (0, 0), 75773: (1, 1), 75787: (1, 1), 75801: (0, 3), 75815: (255, 2), 75829: (255, 1), 75843: (0, 1), 75857: (0, 2), 75871: (0, 4), 75885: (0, 1), 75899: (255, 1), 75913: (255, 2), 75927: (255, 4), 75941: (0, 1), 75955: (255, 1), 75969: (255, 1), 75983: (0, 6), 75997: (0, 0), 76011: (0, 0), 76025: (0, 127), 76039: (1, 3), 76053: (1, 127), 76067: (1, 127), 76081: (0, 127), 76095: (0, 4), 76109: (0, 0), 76123: (1, 0), 76137: (0, 127), 76151: (255, 4), 76165: (255, 0), 76179: (0, 0), 76193: (0, 0), 76207: (0, 5), 76221: (0, 0), 76235: (0, 0), 76249: (0, 0), 76263: (1, 5), 76277: (1, 1), 76291: (1, 1), 76305: (2, 2), 76319: (2, 6), 76333: (1, 1), 76347: (1, 1), 76361: (2, 1), 76375: (1, 7), 76389: (1, 2), 76403: (0, 1), 76417: (0, 0), 76431: (0, 5), 76445: (0, 2), 76459: (0, 0), 76473: (1, 0), 76487: (1, 4), 76501: (0, 0), 76515: (255, 0), 76529: (0, 3), 76543: (0, 1), 76557: (0, 0), 76571: (0, 0), 76585: (0, 4), 76599: (255, 0), 76613: (255, 0), 76627: (0, 0), 76641: (0, 6), 76655: (0, 0), 76669: (255, 127), 76683: (255, 127), 76697: (255, 3), 76711: (255, 0), 76725: (0, 0), 76739: (255, 0), 76753: (255, 2), 76767: (255, 0), 76781: (0, 2), 76795: (0, 2), 76809: (0, 4), 76823: (0, 1), 76837: (255, 1), 76851: (0, 1), 76865: (255, 5), 76879: (255, 1), 76893: (255, 1), 76907: (0, 1), 76921: (0, 6), 76935: (255, 3), 76949: (254, 0), 76963: (255, 0), 76977: (0, 6), 76991: (0, 2), 77005: (0, 2), 77019: (255, 1), 77033: (255, 2), 77047: (0, 4), 77061: (1, 2), 77075: (0, 1), 77089: (255, 1), 77103: (255, 5), 77117: (255, 2), 77131: (0, 2), 77145: (255, 0), 77159: (255, 6), 77173: (0, 2), 77187: (255, 1), 77201: (255, 1), 77215: (255, 6), 77229: (0, 2), 77243: (0, 1), 77257: (0, 2), 77271: (0, 6), 77285: (255, 2), 77299: (0, 0), 77313: (1, 0), 77327: (1, 4), 77341: (1, 127), 77355: (0, 126), 77369: (0, 125), 77383: (2, 0), 77397: (2, 124), 77411: (1, 123), 77425: (1, 125), 77439: (0, 1), 77453: (0, 127), 77467: (1, 127), 77481: (1, 3), 77495: (2, 1), 77509: (1, 0), 77523: (2, 0), 77537: (2, 5), 77551: (2, 1), 77565: (1, 1), 77579: (1, 0), 77593: (1, 5), 77607: (1, 1), 77621: (0, 127), 77635: (0, 127), 77649: (0, 5), 77663: (0, 0), 77677: (255, 127), 77691: (255, 0), 77705: (0, 2), 77719: (1, 127), 77733: (1, 126), 77747: (1, 1), 77761: (0, 0), 77775: (1, 127), 77789: (0, 127), 77803: (1, 4), 77817: (1, 0), 77831: (0, 127), 77845: (0, 0), 77859: (0, 5), 77873: (0, 0), 77887: (0, 0), 77901: (0, 1), 77915: (1, 4), 77929: (0, 1), 77943: (0, 0), 77957: (0, 3), 77971: (1, 3), 77985: (0, 1), 77999: (0, 0), 78013: (0, 4), 78027: (0, 2), 78041: (0, 1), 78055: (0, 0), 78069: (0, 4), 78083: (1, 0), 78097: (255, 127), 78111: (0, 1), 78125: (0, 6), 78139: (0, 1), 78153: (0, 1), 78167: (0, 1), 78181: (0, 6), 78195: (0, 1), 78209: (0, 1), 78223: (0, 1), 78237: (0, 6), 78251: (0, 1), 78265: (0, 0), 78279: (0, 2), 78293: (255, 4), 78307: (0, 0), 78321: (0, 1), 78335: (0, 2), 78349: (255, 2), 78363: (255, 0), 78377: (255, 127), 78391: (255, 3), 78405: (0, 1), 78419: (255, 127), 78433: (255, 127), 78447: (255, 4), 78461: (255, 0), 78475: (255, 127), 78489: (255, 127), 78503: (0, 5), 78517: (0, 0), 78531: (0, 127), 78545: (0, 0), 78559: (0, 6), 78573: (1, 2), 78587: (1, 1), 78601: (255, 1), 78615: (255, 3), 78629: (255, 1), 78643: (0, 1), 78657: (0, 2), 78671: (0, 3), 78685: (0, 1), 78699: (0, 0), 78713: (0, 3), 78727: (0, 2), 78741: (0, 0), 78755: (0, 1), 78769: (0, 4), 78783: (0, 2), 78797: (0, 0), 78811: (0, 0), 78825: (0, 4), 78839: (0, 2), 78853: (0, 2), 78867: (0, 0), 78881: (255, 3), 78895: (255, 1), 78909: (255, 0), 78923: (0, 0), 78937: (0, 4), 78951: (255, 1), 78965: (255, 0), 78979: (0, 0), 78993: (0, 4), 79007: (0, 0), 79021: (0, 0), 79035: (255, 127), 79049: (0, 5), 79063: (0, 0), 79077: (0, 1), 79091: (0, 127), 79105: (0, 4), 79119: (1, 3), 79133: (1, 2), 79147: (0, 0), 79161: (0, 5), 79175: (0, 1), 79189: (0, 1), 79203: (0, 0), 79217: (255, 4), 79231: (0, 2), 79245: (2, 2), 79259: (1, 1), 79273: (0, 6), 79287: (1, 1), 79301: (1, 127), 79315: (2, 1), 79329: (2, 3), 79343: (2, 2), 79357: (1, 1), 79371: (1, 1), 79385: (0, 2), 79399: (0, 2), 79413: (0, 1), 79427: (0, 0), 79441: (0, 3), 79455: (0, 2), 79469: (0, 1), 79483: (0, 1), 79497: (0, 4), 79511: (1, 2), 79525: (0, 0), 79539: (255, 127), 79553: (255, 4), 79567: (0, 1), 79581: (0, 0), 79595: (0, 0), 79609: (255, 5), 79623: (255, 0), 79637: (255, 127), 79651: (0, 127), 79665: (0, 4), 79679: (0, 127), 79693: (0, 127), 79707: (0, 127), 79721: (0, 2), 79735: (0, 0), 79749: (1, 0), 79763: (0, 1), 79777: (1, 3), 79791: (0, 0), 79805: (255, 0), 79819: (255, 3), 79833: (1, 2), 79847: (1, 1), 79861: (0, 0), 79875: (255, 3), 79889: (255, 0), 79903: (0, 127), 79917: (0, 0), 79931: (0, 5), 79945: (0, 1), 79959: (255, 0), 79973: (255, 127), 79987: (0, 2), 80001: (0, 1), 80015: (0, 127), 80029: (255, 127), 80043: (255, 127), 80057: (255, 3), 80071: (254, 0), 80085: (255, 127), 80099: (255, 127), 80113: (0, 127), 80127: (255, 2), 80141: (255, 1), 80155: (255, 127), 80169: (0, 1), 80183: (1, 0), 80197: (0, 2), 80211: (0, 3), 80225: (255, 0), 80239: (0, 0), 80253: (0, 0), 80267: (0, 4), 80281: (0, 2), 80295: (255, 0), 80309: (0, 1), 80323: (0, 1), 80337: (0, 3), 80351: (1, 0), 80365: (0, 127), 80379: (1, 0), 80393: (0, 4), 80407: (0, 0), 80421: (0, 0), 80435: (0, 0), 80449: (1, 0), 80463: (1, 4), 80477: (0, 0), 80491: (0, 0), 80505: (1, 1), 80519: (1, 5), 80533: (1, 1), 80547: (1, 2), 80561: (1, 1), 80575: (1, 1), 80589: (2, 2), 80603: (2, 127), 80617: (2, 127), 80631: (1, 127), 80645: (1, 4), 80659: (1, 127), 80673: (1, 127), 80687: (1, 127), 80701: (1, 4), 80715: (0, 1), 80729: (0, 127), 80743: (1, 127), 80757: (0, 3), 80771: (1, 0), 80785: (0, 127), 80799: (0, 126), 80813: (255, 0), 80827: (255, 127), 80841: (0, 126), 80855: (0, 126), 80869: (0, 1), 80883: (255, 127), 80897: (255, 126), 80911: (0, 126), 80925: (0, 2), 80939: (0, 0), 80953: (0, 127), 80967: (0, 127), 80981: (255, 2), 80995: (255, 0), 81009: (0, 127), 81023: (0, 127), 81037: (255, 1), 81051: (255, 1), 81065: (0, 0), 81079: (255, 127), 81093: (255, 0), 81107: (0, 4), 81121: (0, 0), 81135: (0, 127), 81149: (255, 0), 81163: (0, 4), 81177: (0, 1), 81191: (255, 0), 81205: (0, 0), 81219: (0, 0), 81233: (0, 4), 81247: (1, 2), 81261: (1, 0), 81275: (1, 127), 81289: (1, 5), 81303: (2, 1), 81317: (1, 1), 81331: (1, 0), 81345: (0, 3), 81359: (0, 2), 81373: (0, 1), 81387: (0, 1), 81401: (1, 1), 81415: (0, 4), 81429: (0, 1), 81443: (1, 1), 81457: (1, 0), 81471: (0, 4), 81485: (0, 1), 81499: (0, 127), 81513: (1, 127), 81527: (2, 0), 81541: (0, 1), 81555: (0, 127), 81569: (0, 127), 81583: (0, 127), 81597: (0, 3), 81611: (0, 127), 81625: (0, 127), 81639: (0, 127), 81653: (255, 4), 81667: (0, 0), 81681: (0, 127), 81695: (1, 0), 81709: (0, 4), 81723: (255, 0), 81737: (255, 127), 81751: (255, 127), 81765: (0, 1), 81779: (255, 1), 81793: (255, 0), 81807: (1, 0), 81821: (1, 0), 81835: (1, 4), 81849: (1, 2), 81863: (1, 0), 81877: (1, 0), 81891: (0, 4), 81905: (0, 2), 81919: (0, 0), 81933: (1, 1), 81947: (1, 3), 81961: (0, 2), 81975: (0, 2), 81989: (1, 1), 82003: (0, 0), 82017: (255, 5), 82031: (0, 1), 82045: (1, 2), 82059: (0, 0), 82073: (255, 4), 82087: (255, 1), 82101: (0, 2), 82115: (0, 0), 82129: (1, 3), 82143: (0, 2), 82157: (0, 1), 82171: (0, 1), 82185: (1, 1), 82199: (0, 5), 82213: (0, 2), 82227: (0, 0), 82241: (0, 0), 82255: (0, 4), 82269: (0, 1), 82283: (255, 0), 82297: (0, 0), 82311: (0, 2), 82325: (0, 2), 82339: (0, 0), 82353: (0, 1), 82367: (1, 2), 82381: (2, 4), 82395: (2, 1), 82409: (1, 0), 82423: (2, 1), 82437: (2, 4), 82451: (2, 1), 82465: (2, 0), 82479: (2, 0), 82493: (2, 4), 82507: (1, 0), 82521: (1, 0), 82535: (1, 0), 82549: (0, 4), 82563: (0, 1), 82577: (0, 0), 82591: (1, 1), 82605: (1, 5), 82619: (0, 1), 82633: (0, 1), 82647: (1, 2), 82661: (1, 3), 82675: (0, 0), 82689: (0, 1), 82703: (0, 3), 82717: (0, 2), 82731: (0, 1), 82745: (0, 0), 82759: (255, 2), 82773: (0, 1), 82787: (1, 1), 82801: (0, 127), 82815: (255, 3), 82829: (255, 1), 82843: (0, 0), 82857: (0, 0), 82871: (0, 3), 82885: (255, 0), 82899: (0, 0), 82913: (0, 127), 82927: (255, 4), 82941: (0, 0), 82955: (1, 0), 82969: (0, 0), 82983: (0, 6), 82997: (0, 0), 83011: (255, 0), 83025: (0, 0), 83039: (0, 5), 83053: (1, 1), 83067: (0, 0), 83081: (255, 1), 83095: (255, 5), 83109: (1, 2), 83123: (0, 1), 83137: (0, 1), 83151: (255, 4), 83165: (255, 1), 83179: (0, 1), 83193: (1, 2), 83207: (1, 4), 83221: (0, 2), 83235: (1, 2), 83249: (1, 1), 83263: (1, 1), 83277: (2, 4), 83291: (2, 2), 83305: (2, 2), 83319: (1, 1), 83333: (0, 5), 83347: (0, 0), 83361: (0, 0), 83375: (1, 1), 83389: (1, 6), 83403: (1, 1), 83417: (0, 1), 83431: (0, 0), 83445: (0, 6), 83459: (1, 2), 83473: (0, 1), 83487: (0, 0), 83501: (255, 5), 83515: (255, 0), 83529: (0, 0), 83543: (0, 127), 83557: (0, 3), 83571: (0, 126), 83585: (0, 126), 83599: (255, 125), 83613: (255, 3), 83627: (0, 0), 83641: (1, 0), 83655: (0, 0), 83669: (255, 4), 83683: (255, 0), 83697: (255, 127), 83711: (255, 127), 83725: (0, 2), 83739: (255, 0), 83753: (255, 127), 83767: (255, 127), 83781: (255, 127), 83795: (0, 3), 83809: (0, 0), 83823: (0, 127), 83837: (0, 127), 83851: (0, 0), 83865: (1, 3), 83879: (1, 127), 83893: (2, 1), 83907: (2, 0), 83921: (2, 1), 83935: (1, 3), 83949: (1, 2), 83963: (1, 1), 83977: (1, 0), 83991: (0, 4), 84005: (0, 1), 84019: (0, 1), 84033: (255, 0), 84047: (0, 1), 84061: (0, 5), 84075: (1, 1), 84089: (0, 2), 84103: (0, 1), 84117: (0, 0), 84131: (1, 4), 84145: (0, 2), 84159: (0, 1), 84173: (1, 1), 84187: (0, 5), 84201: (0, 1), 84215: (0, 0), 84229: (1, 1), 84243: (1, 1), 84257: (0, 3), 84271: (0, 1), 84285: (0, 1), 84299: (1, 1), 84313: (1, 6), 84327: (1, 1), 84341: (0, 0), 84355: (0, 0), 84369: (2, 5), 84383: (2, 1), 84397: (2, 1), 84411: (1, 1), 84425: (1, 2), 84439: (1, 3), 84453: (2, 2), 84467: (2, 1), 84481: (0, 0), 84495: (1, 6), 84509: (1, 1), 84523: (0, 0), 84537: (0, 0), 84551: (0, 6), 84565: (1, 1), 84579: (1, 0), 84593: (0, 0), 84607: (0, 4), 84621: (1, 2), 84635: (1, 1), 84649: (1, 0), 84663: (0, 5), 84677: (0, 1), 84691: (1, 1), 84705: (1, 0), 84719: (1, 4), 84733: (1, 1), 84747: (1, 0), 84761: (1, 127), 84775: (1, 3), 84789: (0, 0), 84803: (1, 127), 84817: (0, 126), 84831: (0, 0), 84845: (0, 2), 84859: (1, 1), 84873: (2, 0), 84887: (2, 127), 84901: (2, 4), 84915: (2, 0), 84929: (2, 1), 84943: (1, 0), 84957: (1, 5), 84971: (2, 1), 84985: (2, 0), 84999: (1, 127), 85013: (0, 5), 85027: (1, 1), 85041: (1, 1), 85055: (1, 0), 85069: (1, 5), 85083: (1, 1), 85097: (1, 2), 85111: (0, 0), 85125: (0, 5), 85139: (0, 1), 85153: (0, 0), 85167: (1, 0), 85181: (0, 4), 85195: (1, 1), 85209: (0, 0), 85223: (0, 0), 85237: (1, 5), 85251: (2, 2), 85265: (1, 127), 85279: (0, 127), 85293: (0, 2), 85307: (2, 2), 85321: (2, 1), 85335: (1, 0), 85349: (0, 1), 85363: (0, 2), 85377: (1, 2), 85391: (0, 0), 85405: (0, 1), 85419: (0, 4), 85433: (0, 1), 85447: (0, 1), 85461: (0, 1), 85475: (0, 4), 85489: (1, 2), 85503: (1, 1), 85517: (1, 1), 85531: (0, 6), 85545: (0, 2), 85559: (0, 0), 85573: (1, 1), 85587: (1, 5), 85601: (1, 1), 85615: (0, 127), 85629: (0, 126), 85643: (0, 127), 85657: (0, 2), 85671: (0, 0), 85685: (1, 0), 85699: (1, 127), 85713: (1, 3), 85727: (2, 127), 85741: (1, 0), 85755: (2, 2), 85769: (1, 5), 85783: (1, 2), 85797: (1, 0), 85811: (0, 0), 85825: (0, 3), 85839: (0, 2), 85853: (0, 0), 85867: (0, 0), 85881: (0, 1), 85895: (0, 4), 85909: (0, 1), 85923: (1, 2), 85937: (0, 1), 85951: (0, 4), 85965: (0, 1), 85979: (0, 1), 85993: (1, 1), 86007: (255, 4), 86021: (0, 2), 86035: (0, 1), 86049: (1, 2), 86063: (0, 6), 86077: (0, 3), 86091: (0, 1), 86105: (0, 1), 86119: (0, 6), 86133: (0, 2), 86147: (0, 0), 86161: (0, 1), 86175: (0, 3), 86189: (0, 2), 86203: (0, 1), 86217: (0, 1), 86231: (1, 4), 86245: (1, 3), 86259: (1, 2), 86273: (0, 1), 86287: (0, 1), 86301: (1, 4), 86315: (1, 2), 86329: (0, 1), 86343: (0, 0), 86357: (255, 4), 86371: (0, 1), 86385: (255, 0), 86399: (0, 127), 86413: (1, 4), 86427: (0, 0), 86441: (0, 0), 86455: (0, 0), 86469: (0, 5), 86483: (0, 0), 86497: (0, 0), 86511: (1, 0), 86525: (0, 4), 86539: (0, 1), 86553: (0, 1), 86567: (1, 1), 86581: (1, 5), 86595: (2, 2), 86609: (1, 0), 86623: (1, 0), 86637: (2, 3), 86651: (2, 2), 86665: (2, 1), 86679: (2, 127), 86693: (2, 2), 86707: (1, 0), 86721: (1, 1), 86735: (0, 0), 86749: (0, 1), 86763: (1, 3), 86777: (1, 1), 86791: (0, 0), 86805: (0, 0), 86819: (0, 5), 86833: (0, 1), 86847: (1, 1), 86861: (0, 0), 86875: (255, 5), 86889: (0, 2), 86903: (1, 2), 86917: (2, 1), 86931: (1, 4), 86945: (2, 2), 86959: (2, 3), 86973: (1, 1), 86987: (1, 3), 87001: (1, 2), 87015: (2, 0), 87029: (2, 0), 87043: (1, 0), 87057: (0, 4), 87071: (0, 0), 87085: (0, 0), 87099: (1, 1), 87113: (1, 5), 87127: (0, 1), 87141: (255, 0), 87155: (0, 1), 87169: (0, 5), 87183: (1, 1), 87197: (0, 0), 87211: (255, 0), 87225: (0, 5), 87239: (1, 1), 87253: (0, 0), 87267: (0, 0), 87281: (1, 5), 87295: (0, 0), 87309: (0, 0), 87323: (0, 127), 87337: (0, 5), 87351: (0, 0), 87365: (0, 0), 87379: (0, 0), 87393: (255, 5), 87407: (0, 1), 87421: (1, 1), 87435: (1, 1), 87449: (1, 5), 87463: (0, 1), 87477: (255, 0), 87491: (255, 0), 87505: (0, 1), 87519: (0, 3), 87533: (255, 0), 87547: (0, 0), 87561: (255, 0), 87575: (255, 4), 87589: (0, 2), 87603: (0, 2), 87617: (255, 1), 87631: (255, 0), 87645: (0, 5), 87659: (255, 1), 87673: (255, 1), 87687: (0, 1), 87701: (1, 1), 87715: (1, 5), 87729: (0, 0), 87743: (0, 0), 87757: (0, 0), 87771: (1, 1), 87785: (1, 4), 87799: (0, 1), 87813: (0, 0), 87827: (0, 0), 87841: (1, 127), 87855: (1, 2), 87869: (0, 0), 87883: (255, 127), 87897: (255, 127), 87911: (0, 4), 87925: (0, 0), 87939: (255, 127), 87953: (0, 127), 87967: (1, 0), 87981: (1, 4), 87995: (1, 1), 88009: (1, 1), 88023: (1, 1), 88037: (2, 2), 88051: (1, 1), 88065: (1, 0), 88079: (1, 0), 88093: (2, 1), 88107: (1, 5), 88121: (1, 1), 88135: (0, 0), 88149: (0, 0), 88163: (0, 1), 88177: (1, 3), 88191: (1, 1), 88205: (1, 1), 88219: (0, 0), 88233: (0, 5), 88247: (1, 2), 88261: (1, 1), 88275: (1, 1), 88289: (1, 1), 88303: (1, 4), 88317: (0, 1), 88331: (1, 1), 88345: (0, 1), 88359: (1, 5), 88373: (1, 1), 88387: (1, 0), 88401: (0, 0), 88415: (0, 127), 88429: (0, 3), 88443: (1, 1), 88457: (0, 0), 88471: (255, 127), 88485: (255, 3), 88499: (0, 0), 88513: (0, 127), 88527: (0, 127), 88541: (255, 4), 88555: (0, 1), 88569: (0, 0), 88583: (0, 1), 88597: (0, 4), 88611: (1, 2), 88625: (0, 0), 88639: (1, 2), 88653: (1, 3), 88667: (1, 2), 88681: (1, 3), 88695: (1, 1), 88709: (1, 2), 88723: (1, 2), 88737: (0, 1), 88751: (0, 0), 88765: (1, 1), 88779: (1, 5), 88793: (1, 1), 88807: (0, 0), 88821: (0, 1), 88835: (0, 6), 88849: (0, 2), 88863: (1, 2), 88877: (0, 2), 88891: (0, 5), 88905: (0, 3), 88919: (0, 1), 88933: (0, 1), 88947: (0, 2), 88961: (1, 5), 88975: (1, 2), 88989: (1, 1), 89003: (0, 2), 89017: (0, 5), 89031: (1, 2), 89045: (1, 2), 89059: (0, 1), 89073: (255, 6), 89087: (255, 2), 89101: (0, 1), 89115: (0, 1), 89129: (0, 5), 89143: (0, 3), 89157: (0, 1), 89171: (0, 1), 89185: (0, 3), 89199: (0, 2), 89213: (0, 0), 89227: (0, 0), 89241: (255, 1), 89255: (0, 2), 89269: (255, 0), 89283: (255, 0), 89297: (255, 0), 89311: (0, 3), 89325: (255, 0), 89339: (255, 127), 89353: (255, 0), 89367: (0, 2), 89381: (0, 0), 89395: (255, 127), 89409: (255, 127), 89423: (0, 4), 89437: (0, 127), 89451: (0, 127), 89465: (0, 0), 89479: (255, 0), 89493: (255, 2), 89507: (0, 1), 89521: (1, 1), 89535: (255, 0), 89549: (255, 4), 89563: (0, 2), 89577: (0, 2), 89591: (0, 1), 89605: (0, 1), 89619: (0, 6), 89633: (0, 1), 89647: (0, 1), 89661: (0, 0), 89675: (0, 2), 89689: (0, 2), 89703: (0, 0), 89717: (0, 1), 89731: (0, 0), 89745: (255, 5), 89759: (0, 1), 89773: (0, 1), 89787: (0, 1), 89801: (0, 0), 89815: (0, 4), 89829: (2, 2), 89843: (2, 0), 89857: (1, 0), 89871: (1, 5), 89885: (2, 1), 89899: (2, 127), 89913: (2, 0), 89927: (2, 3), 89941: (1, 2), 89955: (1, 1), 89969: (1, 1), 89983: (1, 1), 89997: (0, 3), 90011: (0, 1), 90025: (0, 1), 90039: (1, 1), 90053: (1, 5), 90067: (0, 3), 90081: (0, 2), 90095: (0, 1), 90109: (1, 6), 90123: (1, 2), 90137: (1, 1), 90151: (0, 1), 90165: (0, 5), 90179: (0, 2), 90193: (0, 1), 90207: (1, 1), 90221: (0, 4), 90235: (0, 1), 90249: (0, 0), 90263: (0, 0), 90277: (0, 2), 90291: (0, 0), 90305: (0, 0), 90319: (0, 0), 90333: (255, 2), 90347: (255, 0), 90361: (255, 0), 90375: (0, 0), 90389: (1, 3), 90403: (0, 1), 90417: (0, 0), 90431: (0, 0), 90445: (1, 0), 90459: (2, 2), 90473: (2, 0), 90487: (2, 1), 90501: (1, 0), 90515: (1, 4), 90529: (0, 1), 90543: (0, 0), 90557: (0, 2), 90571: (1, 6), 90585: (0, 2), 90599: (0, 1), 90613: (0, 0), 90627: (0, 5), 90641: (2, 2), 90655: (1, 1), 90669: (0, 0), 90683: (0, 3), 90697: (0, 1), 90711: (1, 0), 90725: (1, 127), 90739: (0, 126), 90753: (0, 2), 90767: (1, 1), 90781: (2, 0), 90795: (1, 127), 90809: (1, 3), 90823: (2, 127), 90837: (2, 127), 90851: (1, 0), 90865: (1, 4), 90879: (1, 1), 90893: (1, 0), 90907: (0, 0), 90921: (0, 5), 90935: (0, 1), 90949: (0, 127), 90963: (0, 0), 90977: (0, 5), 90991: (1, 0), 91005: (0, 0), 91019: (255, 0), 91033: (0, 5), 91047: (1, 1), 91061: (1, 1), 91075: (0, 3), 91089: (0, 2), 91103: (0, 1), 91117: (1, 0), 91131: (0, 4), 91145: (0, 1), 91159: (0, 1), 91173: (0, 1), 91187: (0, 6), 91201: (0, 1), 91215: (0, 1), 91229: (0, 1), 91243: (0, 6), 91257: (0, 1), 91271: (255, 0), 91285: (255, 2), 91299: (0, 2), 91313: (0, 0), 91327: (0, 0), 91341: (255, 4), 91355: (255, 0), 91369: (0, 0), 91383: (0, 0), 91397: (0, 4), 91411: (0, 0), 91425: (255, 127), 91439: (255, 2), 91453: (0, 1), 91467: (255, 0), 91481: (255, 0), 91495: (255, 5), 91509: (0, 1), 91523: (255, 0), 91537: (254, 127), 91551: (255, 4), 91565: (0, 0), 91579: (0, 1), 91593: (0, 1), 91607: (255, 3), 91621: (255, 1), 91635: (0, 1), 91649: (0, 2), 91663: (0, 4), 91677: (0, 2), 91691: (255, 1), 91705: (255, 3), 91719: (0, 4), 91733: (0, 1), 91747: (0, 1), 91761: (0, 3), 91775: (0, 4), 91789: (0, 1), 91803: (255, 0), 91817: (0, 3), 91831: (1, 3), 91845: (1, 0), 91859: (0, 0), 91873: (0, 1), 91887: (0, 4), 91901: (1, 2), 91915: (1, 1), 91929: (1, 3), 91943: (0, 4), 91957: (255, 1), 91971: (0, 0), 91985: (1, 4), 91999: (0, 3), 92013: (0, 1), 92027: (0, 1), 92041: (0, 5), 92055: (0, 2), 92069: (0, 2), 92083: (0, 0), 92097: (0, 5), 92111: (0, 2), 92125: (0, 1), 92139: (255, 0), 92153: (0, 6), 92167: (0, 1), 92181: (0, 1), 92195: (0, 1), 92209: (255, 3), 92223: (255, 0), 92237: (0, 0), 92251: (0, 3), 92265: (0, 1), 92279: (255, 0), 92293: (255, 127), 92307: (255, 5), 92321: (1, 1), 92335: (1, 127), 92349: (1, 127), 92363: (2, 8), 92377: (2, 2), 92391: (1, 1), 92405: (0, 0), 92419: (0, 5), 92433: (1, 1), 92447: (1, 1), 92461: (0, 0), 92475: (255, 5), 92489: (255, 1), 92503: (0, 1), 92517: (0, 1), 92531: (0, 3), 92545: (0, 1), 92559: (0, 0), 92573: (0, 3), 92587: (0, 3), 92601: (1, 1), 92615: (0, 2), 92629: (255, 4), 92643: (0, 2), 92657: (0, 0), 92671: (1, 2), 92685: (255, 4), 92699: (255, 2), 92713: (0, 1), 92727: (0, 0), 92741: (0, 5), 92755: (0, 1), 92769: (0, 1), 92783: (0, 0), 92797: (255, 7), 92811: (0, 1), 92825: (0, 0), 92839: (0, 1), 92853: (0, 6), 92867: (255, 1), 92881: (0, 0), 92895: (0, 2), 92909: (0, 4), 92923: (0, 2), 92937: (0, 2), 92951: (255, 3), 92965: (0, 2), 92979: (0, 1), 92993: (0, 0), 93007: (255, 5), 93021: (0, 2), 93035: (0, 1), 93049: (0, 1), 93063: (0, 5), 93077: (0, 2), 93091: (0, 2), 93105: (1, 1), 93119: (255, 6), 93133: (255, 1), 93147: (0, 0), 93161: (1, 0), 93175: (0, 6), 93189: (0, 0), 93203: (255, 0), 93217: (255, 2), 93231: (0, 2), 93245: (0, 0), 93259: (255, 127), 93273: (255, 4), 93287: (255, 0), 93301: (255, 127), 93315: (0, 127), 93329: (0, 4), 93343: (0, 0), 93357: (255, 127), 93371: (255, 2), 93385: (0, 1), 93399: (255, 127), 93413: (255, 127), 93427: (255, 3), 93441: (0, 127), 93455: (255, 126), 93469: (255, 126), 93483: (255, 4), 93497: (255, 0), 93511: (255, 127), 93525: (255, 0), 93539: (255, 4), 93553: (255, 1), 93567: (0, 1), 93581: (0, 1), 93595: (1, 3), 93609: (1, 1), 93623: (2, 0), 93637: (1, 1), 93651: (6, 3), 93665: (3, 5), 93679: (1, 0), 93693: (0, 127), 93707: (0, 0), 93721: (0, 5), 93735: (0, 1), 93749: (0, 0), 93763: (5, 0), 93777: (1, 5), 93791: (1, 1), 93805: (253, 0), 93819: (0, 0), 93833: (2, 5), 93847: (2, 1), 93861: (0, 0), 93875: (255, 0), 93889: (255, 4), 93903: (255, 0), 93917: (255, 0), 93931: (0, 127), 93945: (255, 4), 93959: (255, 0), 93973: (255, 127), 93987: (255, 127), 94001: (255, 4), 94015: (0, 127), 94029: (255, 127), 94043: (255, 127), 94057: (255, 3), 94071: (255, 126), 94085: (254, 127), 94099: (255, 0), 94113: (0, 2), 94127: (255, 1), 94141: (255, 1), 94155: (255, 0), 94169: (255, 3), 94183: (0, 1), 94197: (0, 1), 94211: (0, 0), 94225: (255, 4), 94239: (0, 1), 94253: (1, 1), 94267: (1, 0), 94281: (1, 6), 94295: (5, 1), 7: (255, 8), 21: (252, 12), 35: (246, 8), 49: (9, 3), 63: (246, 9), 77: (11, 4), 91: (249, 119), 105: (245, 10), 119: (10, 5), 133: (9, 5), 147: (249, 11), 161: (8, 4), 175: (9, 3), 189: (251, 119), 203: (13, 5), 217: (246, 9), 231: (12, 4), 245: (10, 9), 259: (245, 11), 273: (245, 10), 287: (11, 6), 301: (13, 4), 315: (243, 7), 329: (7, 7), 343: (252, 122), 357: (8, 10), 371: (248, 10), 385: (9, 7), 399: (245, 11), 413: (7, 8), 427: (8, 6), 441: (246, 11), 455: (9, 12), 469: (9, 8), 483: (247, 12), 497: (244, 9), 511: (245, 9), 525: (10, 2), 539: (250, 9), 553: (7, 7), 567: (249, 12), 581: (10, 5), 595: (8, 6), 609: (10, 6), 623: (9, 11), 637: (246, 9), 651: (8, 7), 665: (8, 6), 679: (249, 10), 693: (244, 12), 707: (245, 11), 721: (9, 5), 735: (10, 8), 749: (8, 7), 763: (4, 4), 777: (252, 124), 791: (252, 122), 805: (254, 125), 819: (253, 123), 833: (0, 126), 847: (0, 126), 861: (255, 124), 875: (255, 125), 889: (0, 125), 903: (0, 126), 917: (0, 126), 931: (0, 125), 945: (1, 125), 959: (0, 125), 973: (0, 125), 987: (0, 1), 1001: (0, 125), 1015: (1, 125), 1029: (1, 125), 1043: (1, 125), 1057: (0, 1), 1071: (1, 125), 1085: (1, 125), 1099: (1, 125), 1113: (255, 124), 1127: (0, 127), 1141: (2, 126), 1155: (1, 125), 1169: (0, 124), 1183: (0, 124), 1197: (1, 2), 1211: (1, 127), 1225: (1, 126), 1239: (1, 126), 1253: (0, 126), 1267: (0, 3), 1281: (2, 127), 1295: (1, 126), 1309: (0, 126), 1323: (1, 127), 1337: (2, 1), 1351: (1, 126), 1365: (1, 125), 1379: (1, 125), 1393: (1, 4), 1407: (2, 125), 1421: (2, 125), 1435: (2, 125), 1449: (1, 127), 1463: (1, 126), 1477: (2, 125), 1491: (2, 126), 1505: (0, 124), 1519: (1, 1), 1533: (2, 124), 1547: (2, 124), 1561: (1, 124), 1575: (1, 1), 1589: (2, 126), 1603: (2, 125), 1617: (1, 125), 1631: (1, 125), 1645: (1, 2), 1659: (0, 125), 1673: (1, 125), 1687: (1, 125), 1701: (1, 1), 1715: (0, 126), 1729: (0, 125), 1743: (0, 125), 1757: (0, 1), 1771: (1, 127), 1785: (1, 126), 1799: (2, 127), 1813: (1, 126), 1827: (1, 2), 1841: (1, 127), 1855: (1, 126), 1869: (1, 126), 1883: (1, 3), 1897: (0, 126), 1911: (0, 126), 1925: (1, 126), 1939: (1, 3), 1953: (1, 127), 1967: (1, 126), 1981: (0, 126), 1995: (0, 127), 2009: (1, 1), 2023: (1, 127), 2037: (1, 127), 2051: (1, 126), 2065: (1, 4), 2079: (1, 0), 2093: (1, 126), 2107: (0, 126), 2121: (1, 4), 2135: (2, 127), 2149: (1, 127), 2163: (1, 127), 2177: (0, 127), 2191: (1, 1), 2205: (1, 127), 2219: (1, 126), 2233: (1, 125), 2247: (1, 2), 2261: (1, 125), 2275: (2, 126), 2289: (2, 126), 2303: (1, 2), 2317: (1, 127), 2331: (2, 126), 2345: (1, 126), 2359: (1, 126), 2373: (1, 0), 2387: (2, 127), 2401: (1, 126), 2415: (0, 126), 2429: (0, 1), 2443: (1, 127), 2457: (1, 126), 2471: (2, 126), 2485: (3, 126), 2499: (1, 3), 2513: (1, 126), 2527: (1, 125), 2541: (3, 125), 2555: (3, 1), 2569: (3, 125), 2583: (3, 125), 2597: (2, 125), 2611: (1, 0), 2625: (2, 127), 2639: (2, 126), 2653: (1, 126), 2667: (1, 125), 2681: (1, 1), 2695: (1, 127), 2709: (0, 126), 2723: (1, 125), 2737: (2, 3), 2751: (2, 126), 2765: (1, 125), 2779: (1, 125), 2793: (2, 1), 2807: (1, 0), 2821: (1, 126), 2835: (2, 126), 2849: (1, 0), 2863: (1, 0), 2877: (2, 126), 2891: (2, 125), 2905: (1, 125), 2919: (1, 0), 2933: (1, 127), 2947: (1, 125), 2961: (0, 125), 2975: (1, 125), 2989: (2, 1), 3003: (1, 127), 3017: (0, 126), 3031: (1, 126), 3045: (1, 1), 3059: (2, 126), 3073: (2, 124), 3087: (2, 124), 3101: (1, 1), 3115: (1, 125), 3129: (1, 125), 3143: (2, 125), 3157: (1, 2), 3171: (0, 125), 3185: (1, 126), 3199: (2, 126), 3213: (1, 2), 3227: (2, 127), 3241: (2, 126), 3255: (1, 125), 3269: (1, 0), 3283: (1, 0), 3297: (1, 126), 3311: (1, 126), 3325: (1, 126), 3339: (2, 2), 3353: (1, 127), 3367: (0, 125), 3381: (1, 125), 3395: (1, 3), 3409: (2, 126), 3423: (1, 125), 3437: (0, 124), 3451: (0, 2), 3465: (2, 125), 3479: (3, 126), 3493: (3, 125), 3507: (1, 3), 3521: (2, 126), 3535: (3, 126), 3549: (3, 126), 3563: (2, 2), 3577: (2, 127), 3591: (2, 126), 3605: (2, 126), 3619: (2, 0), 3633: (1, 0), 3647: (2, 126), 3661: (3, 126), 3675: (3, 125), 3689: (2, 2), 3703: (1, 126), 3717: (3, 126), 3731: (4, 125), 3745: (4, 2), 3759: (2, 126), 3773: (1, 125), 3787: (1, 124), 3801: (2, 126), 3815: (2, 127), 3829: (2, 125), 3843: (2, 125), 3857: (0, 124), 3871: (1, 1), 3885: (1, 126), 3899: (1, 125), 3913: (1, 125), 3927: (2, 3), 3941: (2, 126), 3955: (1, 125), 3969: (2, 125), 3983: (3, 1), 3997: (3, 0), 4011: (4, 127), 4025: (3, 126), 4039: (2, 0), 4053: (2, 127), 4067: (2, 126), 4081: (2, 126), 4095: (1, 126), 4109: (0, 2), 4123: (1, 126), 4137: (1, 126), 4151: (1, 126), 4165: (2, 4), 4179: (2, 125), 4193: (2, 125), 4207: (2, 126), 4221: (1, 1), 4235: (2, 127), 4249: (1, 125), 4263: (1, 125), 4277: (2, 125), 4291: (2, 2), 4305: (0, 126), 4319: (1, 125), 4333: (2, 126), 4347: (2, 3), 4361: (1, 126), 4375: (0, 125), 4389: (1, 125), 4403: (2, 126), 4417: (2, 127), 4431: (2, 125), 4445: (1, 125), 4459: (1, 125), 4473: (2, 2), 4487: (2, 126), 4501: (0, 125), 4515: (0, 124), 4529: (1, 3), 4543: (1, 126), 4557: (0, 125), 4571: (1, 125), 4585: (2, 1), 4599: (1, 127), 4613: (1, 125), 4627: (1, 125), 4641: (1, 125), 4655: (2, 125), 4669: (2, 125), 4683: (2, 125), 4697: (1, 2), 4711: (1, 126), 4725: (2, 126), 4739: (2, 125), 4753: (2, 126), 4767: (1, 125), 4781: (1, 1), 4795: (1, 126), 4809: (2, 125), 4823: (2, 125), 4837: (2, 125), 4851: (1, 1), 4865: (1, 126), 4879: (3, 126), 4893: (4, 125), 4907: (3, 124), 4921: (3, 125), 4935: (4, 127), 4949: (3, 125), 4963: (1, 124), 4977: (2, 124), 4991: (2, 2), 5005: (2, 126), 5019: (1, 125), 5033: (1, 124), 5047: (1, 125), 5061: (2, 1), 5075: (3, 126), 5089: (2, 125), 5103: (2, 125), 5117: (1, 0), 5131: (2, 127), 5145: (2, 125), 5159: (1, 125), 5173: (2, 125), 5187: (2, 1), 5201: (2, 126), 5215: (2, 125), 5229: (3, 124), 5243: (4, 126), 5257: (2, 127), 5271: (2, 125), 5285: (2, 125), 5299: (1, 125), 5313: (2, 2), 5327: (2, 126), 5341: (2, 126), 5355: (2, 125), 5369: (1, 1), 5383: (1, 126), 5397: (2, 124), 5411: (2, 125), 5425: (2, 124), 5439: (2, 0), 5453: (1, 124), 5467: (1, 123), 5481: (3, 123), 5495: (3, 126), 5509: (2, 125), 5523: (1, 125), 5537: (2, 126), 5551: (2, 127), 5565: (1, 3), 5579: (1, 126), 5593: (1, 126), 5607: (2, 126), 5621: (1, 127), 5635: (2, 127), 5649: (2, 124), 5663: (3, 124), 5677: (3, 123), 5691: (2, 1), 5705: (1, 125), 5719: (1, 125), 5733: (1, 125), 5747: (2, 125), 5761: (2, 1), 5775: (1, 125), 5789: (1, 125), 5803: (2, 125), 5817: (2, 2), 5831: (2, 126), 5845: (3, 125), 5859: (2, 125), 5873: (2, 127), 5887: (1, 127), 5901: (1, 126), 5915: (1, 125), 5929: (2, 125), 5943: (1, 2), 5957: (1, 127), 5971: (1, 126), 5985: (1, 126), 5999: (2, 126), 6013: (2, 2), 6027: (1, 127), 6041: (1, 126), 6055: (0, 126), 6069: (1, 3), 6083: (3, 0), 6097: (1, 126), 6111: (0, 126), 6125: (0, 126), 6139: (2, 2), 6153: (1, 127), 6167: (0, 126), 6181: (1, 127), 6195: (1, 4), 6209: (1, 127), 6223: (1, 126), 6237: (1, 126), 6251: (2, 1), 6265: (2, 126), 6279: (2, 124), 6293: (2, 124), 6307: (1, 125), 6321: (1, 3), 6335: (2, 126), 6349: (2, 127), 6363: (0, 126), 6377: (0, 2), 6391: (1, 127), 6405: (2, 126), 6419: (2, 127), 6433: (2, 127), 6447: (1, 0), 6461: (2, 126), 6475: (2, 126), 6489: (1, 125), 6503: (1, 2), 6517: (2, 125), 6531: (3, 125), 6545: (2, 125), 6559: (0, 2), 6573: (1, 127), 6587: (3, 127), 6601: (3, 127), 6615: (2, 126), 6629: (2, 1), 6643: (1, 126), 6657: (1, 126), 6671: (2, 126), 6685: (2, 3), 6699: (1, 126), 6713: (0, 125), 6727: (1, 125), 6741: (2, 3), 6755: (1, 126), 6769: (1, 125), 6783: (1, 125), 6797: (1, 125), 6811: (1, 2), 6825: (1, 126), 6839: (1, 125), 6853: (1, 125), 6867: (0, 125), 6881: (1, 2), 6895: (1, 126), 6909: (0, 125), 6923: (1, 125), 6937: (2, 127), 6951: (2, 3), 6965: (1, 126), 6979: (1, 126), 6993: (1, 126), 7007: (1, 127), 7021: (2, 1), 7035: (1, 126), 7049: (0, 126), 7063: (1, 126), 7077: (1, 4), 7091: (2, 127), 7105: (1, 126), 7119: (1, 126), 7133: (1, 0), 7147: (1, 1), 7161: (0, 127), 7175: (1, 126), 7189: (2, 127), 7203: (1, 4), 7217: (1, 127), 7231: (1, 127), 7245: (1, 126), 7259: (0, 0), 7273: (2, 1), 7287: (2, 127), 7301: (2, 127), 7315: (0, 126), 7329: (1, 5), 7343: (1, 127), 7357: (1, 126), 7371: (1, 127), 7385: (1, 3), 7399: (2, 127), 7413: (0, 126), 7427: (1, 127), 7441: (1, 127), 7455: (3, 1), 7469: (3, 126), 7483: (3, 126), 7497: (1, 126), 7511: (0, 3), 7525: (1, 0), 7539: (2, 126), 7553: (1, 127), 7567: (1, 3), 7581: (1, 0), 7595: (1, 126), 7609: (2, 125), 7623: (2, 0), 7637: (2, 126), 7651: (1, 125), 7665: (1, 125), 7679: (1, 0), 7693: (1, 127), 7707: (1, 125), 7721: (1, 125), 7735: (1, 0), 7749: (1, 127), 7763: (1, 125), 7777: (0, 125), 7791: (1, 127), 7805: (1, 127), 7819: (1, 126), 7833: (1, 125), 7847: (0, 125), 7861: (0, 0), 7875: (1, 126), 7889: (1, 125), 7903: (0, 125), 7917: (0, 2), 7931: (1, 126), 7945: (1, 127), 7959: (1, 126), 7973: (1, 3), 7987: (1, 0), 8001: (1, 127), 8015: (0, 126), 8029: (0, 126), 8043: (1, 3), 8057: (1, 127), 8071: (1, 127), 8085: (2, 127), 8099: (1, 3), 8113: (1, 126), 8127: (2, 126), 8141: (3, 125), 8155: (1, 127), 8169: (1, 125), 8183: (1, 125), 8197: (2, 125), 8211: (1, 124), 8225: (1, 0), 8239: (1, 126), 8253: (1, 125), 8267: (1, 125), 8281: (2, 3), 8295: (2, 127), 8309: (1, 125), 8323: (1, 125), 8337: (2, 2), 8351: (2, 0), 8365: (1, 126), 8379: (2, 126), 8393: (2, 127), 8407: (2, 2), 8421: (3, 127), 8435: (3, 126), 8449: (3, 125), 8463: (2, 4), 8477: (2, 127), 8491: (1, 127), 8505: (1, 126), 8519: (1, 4), 8533: (2, 0), 8547: (2, 127), 8561: (2, 126), 8575: (1, 1), 8589: (2, 127), 8603: (2, 126), 8617: (2, 125), 8631: (2, 0), 8645: (2, 127), 8659: (1, 124), 8673: (1, 124), 8687: (1, 125), 8701: (1, 0), 8715: (1, 125), 8729: (1, 125), 8743: (1, 126), 8757: (0, 0), 8771: (2, 126), 8785: (4, 124), 8799: (3, 127), 8813: (3, 125), 8827: (2, 124), 8841: (3, 125), 8855: (2, 0), 8869: (3, 126), 8883: (3, 125), 8897: (2, 125), 8911: (1, 1), 8925: (3, 0), 8939: (3, 125), 8953: (3, 125), 8967: (2, 3), 8981: (2, 126), 8995: (2, 126), 9009: (1, 126), 9023: (2, 2), 9037: (2, 126), 9051: (2, 126), 9065: (2, 0), 9079: (2, 0), 9093: (1, 126), 9107: (1, 125), 9121: (1, 3), 9135: (2, 127), 9149: (1, 125), 9163: (1, 125), 9177: (1, 2), 9191: (1, 126), 9205: (1, 126), 9219: (2, 2), 9233: (1, 0), 9247: (1, 126), 9261: (0, 126), 9275: (1, 4), 9289: (2, 127), 9303: (1, 127), 9317: (1, 127), 9331: (1, 4), 9345: (1, 127), 9359: (0, 126), 9373: (1, 3), 9387: (2, 0), 9401: (2, 127), 9415: (1, 126), 9429: (1, 5), 9443: (1, 127), 9457: (1, 126), 9471: (2, 1), 9485: (3, 2), 9499: (1, 127), 9513: (0, 127), 9527: (2, 4), 9541: (3, 0), 9555: (1, 126), 9569: (1, 126), 9583: (2, 4), 9597: (2, 126), 9611: (2, 125), 9625: (1, 0), 9639: (2, 1), 9653: (1, 126), 9667: (0, 126), 9681: (1, 4), 9695: (2, 127), 9709: (1, 126), 9723: (1, 126), 9737: (2, 4), 9751: (1, 126), 9765: (0, 126), 9779: (1, 1), 9793: (2, 0), 9807: (2, 127), 9821: (1, 126), 9835: (0, 3), 9849: (0, 127), 9863: (0, 126), 9877: (2, 127), 9891: (2, 5), 9905: (1, 127), 9919: (1, 127), 9933: (1, 127), 9947: (1, 2), 9961: (1, 127), 9975: (1, 126), 9989: (1, 1), 10003: (1, 1), 10017: (1, 127), 10031: (1, 127), 10045: (1, 126), 10059: (2, 3), 10073: (2, 0), 10087: (2, 127), 10101: (0, 127), 10115: (0, 1), 10129: (2, 127), 10143: (2, 126), 10157: (1, 0), 10171: (1, 1), 10185: (1, 126), 10199: (1, 126), 10213: (1, 2), 10227: (2, 1), 10241: (1, 126), 10255: (1, 126), 10269: (1, 3), 10283: (1, 0), 10297: (1, 127), 10311: (1, 126), 10325: (1, 2), 10339: (2, 1), 10353: (0, 126), 10367: (0, 126), 10381: (1, 2), 10395: (2, 0), 10409: (1, 126), 10423: (0, 127), 10437: (1, 3), 10451: (3, 127), 10465: (3, 127), 10479: (3, 126), 10493: (2, 5), 10507: (2, 127), 10521: (1, 127), 10535: (2, 127), 10549: (1, 4), 10563: (1, 0), 10577: (1, 127), 10591: (2, 126), 10605: (1, 5), 10619: (2, 126), 10633: (2, 125), 10647: (1, 125), 10661: (1, 4), 10675: (3, 125), 10689: (2, 125), 10703: (0, 125), 10717: (1, 3), 10731: (2, 126), 10745: (2, 126), 10759: (1, 125), 10773: (1, 3), 10787: (3, 125), 10801: (2, 124), 10815: (3, 124), 10829: (2, 4), 10843: (2, 126), 10857: (2, 127), 10871: (2, 126), 10885: (2, 4), 10899: (1, 127), 10913: (1, 126), 10927: (2, 127), 10941: (2, 6), 10955: (1, 127), 10969: (0, 126), 10983: (2, 127), 10997: (2, 5), 11011: (2, 0), 11025: (1, 127), 11039: (1, 126), 11053: (1, 5), 11067: (1, 0), 11081: (1, 126), 11095: (1, 127), 11109: (0, 5), 11123: (1, 127), 11137: (2, 127), 11151: (1, 127), 11165: (1, 5), 11179: (1, 127), 11193: (1, 127), 11207: (1, 126), 11221: (1, 5), 11235: (2, 0), 11249: (3, 127), 11263: (2, 127), 11277: (3, 5), 11291: (3, 0), 11305: (3, 126), 11319: (3, 125), 11333: (3, 4), 11347: (2, 127), 11361: (1, 127), 11375: (1, 126), 11389: (2, 4), 11403: (2, 127), 11417: (1, 126), 11431: (2, 126), 11445: (2, 2), 11459: (1, 126), 11473: (1, 125), 11487: (2, 125), 11501: (2, 1), 11515: (1, 124), 11529: (1, 125), 11543: (1, 125), 11557: (1, 2), 11571: (1, 126), 11585: (1, 125), 11599: (2, 125), 11613: (1, 3), 11627: (1, 125), 11641: (2, 125), 11655: (1, 125), 11669: (1, 3), 11683: (2, 127), 11697: (1, 125), 11711: (0, 125), 11725: (1, 127), 11739: (2, 0), 11753: (1, 126), 11767: (0, 125), 11781: (0, 125), 11795: (1, 125), 11809: (0, 4), 11823: (1, 127), 11837: (1, 126), 11851: (1, 127), 11865: (1, 126), 11879: (2, 4), 11893: (2, 127), 11907: (1, 126), 11921: (1, 126), 11935: (2, 2), 11949: (2, 127), 11963: (0, 126), 11977: (0, 125), 11991: (1, 125), 12005: (1, 3), 12019: (1, 127), 12033: (0, 126), 12047: (0, 126), 12061: (1, 127), 12075: (2, 3), 12089: (2, 126), 12103: (1, 127), 12117: (1, 126), 12131: (1, 1), 12145: (2, 0), 12159: (1, 126), 12173: (1, 126), 12187: (2, 126), 12201: (2, 4), 12215: (2, 127), 12229: (2, 126), 12243: (2, 126), 12257: (1, 3), 12271: (1, 127), 12285: (1, 127), 12299: (0, 127), 12313: (1, 127), 12327: (2, 2), 12341: (2, 127), 12355: (1, 127), 12369: (0, 126), 12383: (1, 3), 12397: (2, 0), 12411: (1, 126), 12425: (1, 127), 12439: (2, 4), 12453: (1, 127), 12467: (1, 126), 12481: (1, 127), 12495: (1, 4), 12509: (1, 127), 12523: (1, 126), 12537: (1, 127), 12551: (1, 3), 12565: (1, 0), 12579: (1, 126), 12593: (2, 127), 12607: (2, 126), 12621: (1, 4), 12635: (1, 127), 12649: (1, 126), 12663: (1, 126), 12677: (2, 4), 12691: (1, 0), 12705: (0, 127), 12719: (0, 127), 12733: (1, 0), 12747: (1, 1), 12761: (1, 127), 12775: (0, 126), 12789: (0, 126), 12803: (1, 4), 12817: (1, 127), 12831: (1, 127), 12845: (1, 127), 12859: (1, 3), 12873: (1, 0), 12887: (1, 127), 12901: (1, 127), 12915: (1, 127), 12929: (2, 1), 12943: (2, 127), 12957: (1, 126), 12971: (0, 126), 12985: (1, 3), 12999: (1, 126), 13013: (1, 126), 13027: (1, 126), 13041: (1, 4), 13055: (1, 126), 13069: (1, 126), 13083: (2, 127), 13097: (1, 4), 13111: (1, 0), 13125: (1, 127), 13139: (1, 127), 13153: (0, 3), 13167: (0, 127), 13181: (2, 127), 13195: (2, 126), 13209: (1, 1), 13223: (0, 0), 13237: (1, 126), 13251: (1, 126), 13265: (2, 127), 13279: (2, 2), 13293: (1, 127), 13307: (1, 126), 13321: (1, 126), 13335: (1, 4), 13349: (1, 127), 13363: (1, 126), 13377: (1, 126), 13391: (1, 3), 13405: (1, 0), 13419: (1, 127), 13433: (1, 127), 13447: (1, 127), 13461: (0, 2), 13475: (0, 126), 13489: (0, 126), 13503: (0, 126), 13517: (0, 3), 13531: (1, 127), 13545: (2, 126), 13559: (0, 126), 13573: (0, 3), 13587: (1, 127), 13601: (1, 126), 13615: (1, 126), 13629: (1, 1), 13643: (1, 0), 13657: (0, 127), 13671: (1, 127), 13685: (1, 127), 13699: (1, 3), 13713: (1, 127), 13727: (0, 126), 13741: (0, 126), 13755: (0, 3), 13769: (1, 0), 13783: (1, 127), 13797: (1, 127), 13811: (0, 1), 13825: (0, 1), 13839: (1, 127), 13853: (2, 0), 13867: (1, 127), 13881: (1, 4), 13895: (1, 1), 13909: (0, 127), 13923: (0, 126), 13937: (2, 0), 13951: (1, 2), 13965: (0, 127), 13979: (0, 127), 13993: (1, 127), 14007: (1, 2), 14021: (1, 0), 14035: (1, 127), 14049: (1, 127), 14063: (1, 127), 14077: (0, 4), 14091: (1, 127), 14105: (1, 127), 14119: (1, 127), 14133: (1, 1), 14147: (1, 1), 14161: (0, 127), 14175: (0, 126), 14189: (1, 126), 14203: (2, 5), 14217: (2, 0), 14231: (1, 126), 14245: (2, 126), 14259: (2, 4), 14273: (3, 1), 14287: (2, 127), 14301: (1, 126), 14315: (1, 126), 14329: (1, 1), 14343: (1, 127), 14357: (1, 126), 14371: (1, 126), 14385: (1, 5), 14399: (2, 127), 14413: (1, 126), 14427: (1, 125), 14441: (1, 2), 14455: (2, 0), 14469: (1, 127), 14483: (1, 127), 14497: (1, 1), 14511: (0, 0), 14525: (1, 127), 14539: (2, 127), 14553: (1, 125), 14567: (1, 4), 14581: (1, 126), 14595: (1, 126), 14609: (1, 125), 14623: (1, 4), 14637: (2, 127), 14651: (2, 126), 14665: (1, 125), 14679: (1, 2), 14693: (1, 127), 14707: (1, 126), 14721: (1, 125), 14735: (1, 125), 14749: (1, 3), 14763: (1, 126), 14777: (1, 126), 14791: (2, 126), 14805: (2, 126), 14819: (1, 3), 14833: (2, 0), 14847: (1, 126), 14861: (0, 126), 14875: (1, 2), 14889: (1, 127), 14903: (1, 127), 14917: (0, 126), 14931: (1, 126), 14945: (1, 4), 14959: (1, 0), 14973: (0, 126), 14987: (1, 126), 15001: (1, 3), 15015: (1, 127), 15029: (1, 127), 15043: (2, 127), 15057: (2, 127), 15071: (1, 127), 15085: (1, 127), 15099: (0, 1), 15113: (1, 127), 15127: (1, 127), 15141: (2, 127), 15155: (1, 127), 15169: (1, 0), 15183: (1, 127), 15197: (2, 127), 15211: (1, 127), 15225: (0, 3), 15239: (1, 0), 15253: (1, 127), 15267: (1, 127), 15281: (1, 0), 15295: (2, 1), 15309: (2, 127), 15323: (1, 126), 15337: (2, 126), 15351: (1, 127), 15365: (1, 1), 15379: (1, 127), 15393: (2, 126), 15407: (1, 126), 15421: (0, 1), 15435: (0, 126), 15449: (1, 126), 15463: (1, 125), 15477: (0, 2), 15491: (1, 0), 15505: (1, 127), 15519: (1, 127), 15533: (1, 0), 15547: (2, 2), 15561: (1, 0), 15575: (0, 126), 15589: (1, 126), 15603: (2, 3), 15617: (1, 127), 15631: (1, 126), 15645: (1, 125), 15659: (1, 2), 15673: (1, 127), 15687: (1, 126), 15701: (1, 126), 15715: (2, 0), 15729: (2, 1), 15743: (1, 127), 15757: (1, 127), 15771: (1, 126), 15785: (2, 3), 15799: (2, 0), 15813: (2, 0), 15827: (1, 126), 15841: (1, 126), 15855: (1, 3), 15869: (2, 0), 15883: (3, 0), 15897: (3, 126), 15911: (2, 3), 15925: (2, 0), 15939: (4, 127), 15953: (4, 126), 15967: (3, 125), 15981: (2, 2), 15995: (3, 126), 16009: (2, 127), 16023: (1, 126), 16037: (1, 4), 16051: (2, 0), 16065: (1, 127), 16079: (1, 127), 16093: (1, 2), 16107: (1, 0), 16121: (1, 127), 16135: (3, 127), 16149: (2, 127), 16163: (1, 2), 16177: (0, 126), 16191: (1, 126), 16205: (2, 127), 16219: (1, 3), 16233: (1, 127), 16247: (1, 126), 16261: (1, 125), 16275: (1, 127), 16289: (1, 1), 16303: (2, 127), 16317: (2, 126), 16331: (2, 127), 16345: (2, 4), 16359: (2, 127), 16373: (2, 126), 16387: (2, 126), 16401: (3, 2), 16415: (2, 0), 16429: (1, 126), 16443: (2, 126), 16457: (3, 126), 16471: (3, 4), 16485: (3, 126), 16499: (2, 125), 16513: (1, 126), 16527: (2, 1), 16541: (2, 1), 16555: (2, 0), 16569: (1, 126), 16583: (1, 127), 16597: (2, 4), 16611: (2, 127), 16625: (3, 0), 16639: (4, 127), 16653: (3, 127), 16667: (2, 5), 16681: (2, 126), 16695: (3, 126), 16709: (2, 126), 16723: (2, 3), 16737: (3, 1), 16751: (2, 0), 16765: (1, 127), 16779: (1, 127), 16793: (2, 2), 16807: (3, 0), 16821: (1, 126), 16835: (0, 126), 16849: (2, 4), 16863: (2, 127), 16877: (1, 126), 16891: (1, 126), 16905: (1, 4), 16919: (1, 127), 16933: (1, 126), 16947: (2, 127), 16961: (2, 1), 16975: (1, 0), 16989: (1, 127), 17003: (2, 126), 17017: (1, 126), 17031: (2, 3), 17045: (2, 127), 17059: (2, 127), 17073: (1, 126), 17087: (0, 125), 17101: (0, 3), 17115: (1, 127), 17129: (1, 127), 17143: (2, 127), 17157: (2, 127), 17171: (1, 4), 17185: (1, 0), 17199: (2, 127), 17213: (2, 127), 17227: (1, 2), 17241: (3, 1), 17255: (3, 127), 17269: (2, 0), 17283: (3, 0), 17297: (3, 5), 17311: (3, 0), 17325: (3, 127), 17339: (3, 126), 17353: (2, 3), 17367: (1, 127), 17381: (2, 126), 17395: (3, 126), 17409: (2, 126), 17423: (1, 4), 17437: (2, 126), 17451: (2, 126), 17465: (2, 126), 17479: (2, 3), 17493: (3, 127), 17507: (2, 126), 17521: (1, 125), 17535: (2, 127), 17549: (3, 0), 17563: (2, 125), 17577: (2, 124), 17591: (2, 125), 17605: (2, 4), 17619: (1, 127), 17633: (1, 127), 17647: (2, 126), 17661: (2, 4), 17675: (2, 0), 17689: (2, 0), 17703: (2, 0), 17717: (2, 1), 17731: (2, 2), 17745: (2, 0), 17759: (2, 0), 17773: (1, 127), 17787: (1, 5), 17801: (2, 1), 17815: (1, 127), 17829: (1, 127), 17843: (1, 4), 17857: (2, 1), 17871: (1, 127), 17885: (1, 127), 17899: (1, 1), 17913: (2, 2), 17927: (1, 127), 17941: (1, 127), 17955: (1, 127), 17969: (1, 4), 17983: (1, 0), 17997: (2, 0), 18011: (3, 0), 18025: (1, 5), 18039: (1, 1), 18053: (3, 0), 18067: (3, 127), 18081: (3, 126), 18095: (3, 3), 18109: (3, 0), 18123: (2, 0), 18137: (2, 127), 18151: (2, 5), 18165: (2, 0), 18179: (2, 127), 18193: (2, 127), 18207: (2, 3), 18221: (2, 0), 18235: (1, 0), 18249: (2, 0), 18263: (2, 0), 18277: (2, 3), 18291: (1, 127), 18305: (1, 127), 18319: (1, 127), 18333: (2, 5), 18347: (2, 0), 18361: (2, 126), 18375: (1, 126), 18389: (1, 1), 18403: (3, 1), 18417: (2, 127), 18431: (1, 126), 18445: (1, 126), 18459: (2, 3), 18473: (1, 127), 18487: (1, 127), 18501: (1, 126), 18515: (2, 4), 18529: (2, 127), 18543: (1, 126), 18557: (1, 126), 18571: (1, 2), 18585: (2, 127), 18599: (3, 127), 18613: (2, 127), 18627: (1, 0), 18641: (1, 1), 18655: (2, 0), 18669: (2, 127), 18683: (2, 127), 18697: (2, 3), 18711: (2, 127), 18725: (2, 126), 18739: (2, 125), 18753: (2, 3), 18767: (2, 125), 18781: (1, 125), 18795: (2, 127), 18809: (2, 126), 18823: (1, 1), 18837: (1, 126), 18851: (2, 126), 18865: (1, 126), 18879: (1, 2), 18893: (1, 127), 18907: (1, 126), 18921: (1, 126), 18935: (1, 126), 18949: (1, 4), 18963: (1, 127), 18977: (0, 126), 18991: (0, 126), 19005: (2, 126), 19019: (1, 3), 19033: (1, 0), 19047: (1, 127), 19061: (2, 127), 19075: (1, 127), 19089: (2, 3), 19103: (3, 1), 19117: (3, 0), 19131: (1, 127), 19145: (2, 0), 19159: (2, 5), 19173: (1, 0), 19187: (1, 0), 19201: (2, 1), 19215: (1, 0), 19229: (1, 3), 19243: (1, 127), 19257: (2, 1), 19271: (2, 0), 19285: (0, 3), 19299: (1, 1), 19313: (1, 1), 19327: (2, 127), 19341: (1, 127), 19355: (1, 5), 19369: (1, 1), 19383: (1, 127), 19397: (2, 127), 19411: (2, 0), 19425: (3, 5), 19439: (2, 0), 19453: (2, 127), 19467: (3, 127), 19481: (1, 4), 19495: (3, 1), 19509: (3, 0), 19523: (4, 0), 19537: (3, 127), 19551: (2, 0), 19565: (2, 0), 19579: (2, 127), 19593: (3, 127), 19607: (2, 4), 19621: (1, 127), 19635: (1, 127), 19649: (1, 126), 19663: (3, 5), 19677: (2, 127), 19691: (2, 126), 19705: (2, 126), 19719: (0, 0), 19733: (1, 1), 19747: (1, 127), 19761: (1, 127), 19775: (1, 127), 19789: (1, 4), 19803: (1, 127), 19817: (1, 127), 19831: (1, 127), 19845: (1, 4), 19859: (2, 0), 19873: (2, 127), 19887: (1, 127), 19901: (1, 3), 19915: (2, 0), 19929: (2, 127), 19943: (2, 127), 19957: (1, 3), 19971: (1, 0), 19985: (1, 0), 19999: (1, 127), 20013: (2, 0), 20027: (1, 3), 20041: (0, 127), 20055: (0, 127), 20069: (2, 127), 20083: (1, 3), 20097: (1, 127), 20111: (2, 127), 20125: (1, 126), 20139: (0, 126), 20153: (1, 1), 20167: (1, 127), 20181: (1, 126), 20195: (1, 126), 20209: (2, 2), 20223: (0, 127), 20237: (0, 126), 20251: (1, 127), 20265: (2, 2), 20279: (1, 127), 20293: (1, 127), 20307: (2, 127), 20321: (2, 3), 20335: (1, 0), 20349: (1, 127), 20363: (1, 127), 20377: (1, 5), 20391: (1, 0), 20405: (1, 0), 20419: (1, 0), 20433: (1, 4), 20447: (1, 0), 20461: (1, 0), 20475: (2, 0), 20489: (1, 3), 20503: (1, 2), 20517: (2, 0), 20531: (1, 0), 20545: (0, 0), 20559: (0, 3), 20573: (1, 0), 20587: (1, 0), 20601: (1, 127), 20615: (2, 5), 20629: (1, 0), 20643: (0, 0), 20657: (1, 0), 20671: (1, 5), 20685: (1, 1), 20699: (0, 127), 20713: (1, 127), 20727: (1, 2), 20741: (1, 2), 20755: (1, 0), 20769: (1, 0), 20783: (1, 0), 20797: (1, 4), 20811: (1, 0), 20825: (1, 0), 20839: (1, 0), 20853: (1, 6), 20867: (2, 2), 20881: (1, 0), 20895: (0, 0), 20909: (0, 5), 20923: (1, 1), 20937: (1, 0), 20951: (1, 127), 20965: (0, 2), 20979: (0, 1), 20993: (0, 0), 21007: (1, 127), 21021: (1, 1), 21035: (1, 1), 21049: (0, 127), 21063: (0, 126), 21077: (0, 127), 21091: (0, 4), 21105: (0, 127), 21119: (0, 127), 21133: (0, 127), 21147: (0, 4), 21161: (255, 0), 21175: (0, 127), 21189: (0, 0), 21203: (1, 1), 21217: (0, 2), 21231: (255, 0), 21245: (0, 0), 21259: (1, 0), 21273: (1, 5), 21287: (2, 1), 21301: (2, 0), 21315: (3, 0), 21329: (3, 2), 21343: (2, 3), 21357: (2, 1), 21371: (2, 0), 21385: (2, 1), 21399: (1, 5), 21413: (1, 0), 21427: (1, 127), 21441: (1, 127), 21455: (1, 3), 21469: (2, 0), 21483: (2, 127), 21497: (0, 127), 21511: (1, 0), 21525: (2, 3), 21539: (2, 0), 21553: (1, 127), 21567: (1, 127), 21581: (1, 5), 21595: (1, 0), 21609: (1, 127), 21623: (1, 127), 21637: (2, 5), 21651: (2, 0), 21665: (2, 0), 21679: (2, 126), 21693: (2, 2), 21707: (2, 0), 21721: (3, 2), 21735: (3, 0), 21749: (1, 3), 21763: (2, 1), 21777: (2, 0), 21791: (2, 0), 21805: (2, 1), 21819: (3, 3), 21833: (3, 127), 21847: (2, 127), 21861: (3, 127), 21875: (3, 5), 21889: (3, 0), 21903: (2, 127), 21917: (1, 127), 21931: (1, 4), 21945: (2, 0), 21959: (2, 127), 21973: (3, 0), 21987: (3, 4), 22001: (3, 126), 22015: (3, 127), 22029: (2, 127), 22043: (2, 4), 22057: (3, 0), 22071: (3, 0), 22085: (3, 127), 22099: (2, 4), 22113: (2, 0), 22127: (2, 0), 22141: (2, 127), 22155: (1, 2), 22169: (1, 126), 22183: (2, 126), 22197: (1, 0), 22211: (1, 127), 22225: (1, 126), 22239: (1, 126), 22253: (1, 1), 22267: (3, 0), 22281: (2, 126), 22295: (1, 127), 22309: (0, 3), 22323: (1, 127), 22337: (1, 127), 22351: (0, 126), 22365: (0, 1), 22379: (1, 0), 22393: (1, 127), 22407: (1, 127), 22421: (1, 2), 22435: (2, 0), 22449: (1, 127), 22463: (1, 126), 22477: (1, 3), 22491: (2, 1), 22505: (1, 127), 22519: (1, 126), 22533: (2, 3), 22547: (2, 0), 22561: (2, 0), 22575: (3, 126), 22589: (3, 1), 22603: (3, 126), 22617: (2, 125), 22631: (2, 126), 22645: (2, 1), 22659: (1, 1), 22673: (1, 127), 22687: (1, 127), 22701: (2, 0), 22715: (2, 2), 22729: (2, 0), 22743: (2, 127), 22757: (1, 1), 22771: (2, 1), 22785: (2, 126), 22799: (2, 126), 22813: (2, 1), 22827: (1, 126), 22841: (1, 125), 22855: (1, 125), 22869: (1, 126), 22883: (1, 2), 22897: (1, 126), 22911: (1, 127), 22925: (1, 126), 22939: (1, 3), 22953: (1, 127), 22967: (1, 127), 22981: (2, 127), 22995: (2, 6), 23009: (1, 1), 23023: (1, 0), 23037: (2, 0), 23051: (2, 5), 23065: (2, 1), 23079: (1, 0), 23093: (1, 127), 23107: (0, 4), 23121: (2, 0), 23135: (3, 0), 23149: (2, 0), 23163: (1, 0), 23177: (1, 1), 23191: (1, 127), 23205: (1, 127), 23219: (1, 127), 23233: (1, 3), 23247: (1, 0), 23261: (1, 0), 23275: (1, 127), 23289: (1, 2), 23303: (1, 1), 23317: (1, 0), 23331: (2, 0), 23345: (0, 0), 23359: (0, 1), 23373: (1, 127), 23387: (2, 0), 23401: (2, 0), 23415: (1, 2), 23429: (1, 126), 23443: (2, 126), 23457: (2, 126), 23471: (2, 3), 23485: (1, 127), 23499: (1, 126), 23513: (1, 126), 23527: (1, 3), 23541: (2, 127), 23555: (2, 126), 23569: (1, 126), 23583: (1, 4), 23597: (1, 127), 23611: (1, 126), 23625: (0, 126), 23639: (1, 3), 23653: (2, 0), 23667: (1, 127), 23681: (1, 126), 23695: (1, 2), 23709: (1, 0), 23723: (1, 127), 23737: (2, 0), 23751: (2, 2), 23765: (1, 1), 23779: (1, 127), 23793: (2, 127), 23807: (2, 127), 23821: (1, 4), 23835: (1, 0), 23849: (2, 0), 23863: (2, 127), 23877: (2, 5), 23891: (3, 0), 23905: (2, 127), 23919: (2, 127), 23933: (2, 5), 23947: (2, 0), 23961: (2, 127), 23975: (1, 127), 23989: (2, 4), 24003: (2, 1), 24017: (1, 0), 24031: (1, 127), 24045: (2, 5), 24059: (2, 1), 24073: (1, 0), 24087: (1, 0), 24101: (1, 4), 24115: (1, 1), 24129: (1, 0), 24143: (1, 127), 24157: (0, 2), 24171: (0, 0), 24185: (2, 0), 24199: (2, 0), 24213: (2, 0), 24227: (2, 1), 24241: (2, 126), 24255: (3, 125), 24269: (2, 126), 24283: (1, 4), 24297: (2, 0), 24311: (3, 126), 24325: (2, 127), 24339: (2, 4), 24353: (2, 127), 24367: (2, 126), 24381: (2, 126), 24395: (2, 5), 24409: (2, 0), 24423: (1, 127), 24437: (0, 127), 24451: (1, 3), 24465: (2, 1), 24479: (2, 127), 24493: (1, 127), 24507: (1, 2), 24521: (1, 1), 24535: (1, 126), 24549: (2, 126), 24563: (2, 0), 24577: (1, 1), 24591: (1, 127), 24605: (1, 126), 24619: (0, 126), 24633: (1, 3), 24647: (2, 1), 24661: (1, 127), 24675: (1, 0), 24689: (1, 5), 24703: (0, 0), 24717: (0, 127), 24731: (1, 0), 24745: (2, 6), 24759: (1, 0), 24773: (1, 127), 24787: (0, 126), 24801: (1, 5), 24815: (2, 0), 24829: (1, 127), 24843: (1, 127), 24857: (1, 2), 24871: (0, 1), 24885: (0, 127), 24899: (0, 127), 24913: (1, 127), 24927: (1, 3), 24941: (0, 127), 24955: (0, 126), 24969: (0, 126), 24983: (1, 4), 24997: (2, 0), 25011: (2, 0), 25025: (0, 127), 25039: (0, 4), 25053: (1, 0), 25067: (1, 0), 25081: (1, 0), 25095: (1, 3), 25109: (1, 1), 25123: (0, 0), 25137: (0, 0), 25151: (0, 3), 25165: (1, 2), 25179: (1, 0), 25193: (1, 0), 25207: (0, 1), 25221: (0, 4), 25235: (0, 0), 25249: (1, 0), 25263: (1, 127), 25277: (1, 5), 25291: (0, 0), 25305: (0, 127), 25319: (1, 126), 25333: (1, 3), 25347: (1, 0), 25361: (1, 127), 25375: (0, 0), 25389: (0, 0), 25403: (1, 4), 25417: (1, 1), 25431: (0, 0), 25445: (1, 0), 25459: (1, 6), 25473: (1, 1), 25487: (255, 0), 25501: (0, 0), 25515: (0, 3), 25529: (0, 1), 25543: (0, 0), 25557: (0, 127), 25571: (255, 127), 25585: (0, 4), 25599: (1, 127), 25613: (1, 127), 25627: (255, 127), 25641: (0, 4), 25655: (1, 0), 25669: (1, 0), 25683: (0, 127), 25697: (0, 2), 25711: (2, 1), 25725: (2, 126), 25739: (1, 125), 25753: (1, 126), 25767: (1, 3), 25781: (1, 127), 25795: (1, 126), 25809: (1, 126), 25823: (1, 2), 25837: (0, 127), 25851: (0, 127), 25865: (1, 127), 25879: (0, 127), 25893: (0, 2), 25907: (1, 127), 25921: (1, 126), 25935: (0, 126), 25949: (0, 3), 25963: (1, 127), 25977: (1, 126), 25991: (1, 126), 26005: (1, 1), 26019: (1, 0), 26033: (0, 126), 26047: (0, 125), 26061: (1, 127), 26075: (1, 2), 26089: (0, 127), 26103: (0, 0), 26117: (1, 127), 26131: (1, 5), 26145: (0, 0), 26159: (1, 0), 26173: (1, 0), 26187: (1, 4), 26201: (0, 1), 26215: (1, 0), 26229: (1, 0), 26243: (0, 0), 26257: (2, 4), 26271: (1, 0), 26285: (1, 127), 26299: (0, 0), 26313: (0, 5), 26327: (2, 1), 26341: (1, 1), 26355: (0, 127), 26369: (0, 4), 26383: (1, 127), 26397: (1, 126), 26411: (1, 125), 26425: (1, 1), 26439: (1, 127), 26453: (1, 125), 26467: (1, 125), 26481: (0, 127), 26495: (0, 1), 26509: (1, 127), 26523: (1, 127), 26537: (0, 126), 26551: (255, 4), 26565: (0, 127), 26579: (0, 127), 26593: (0, 127), 26607: (0, 1), 26621: (0, 1), 26635: (255, 127), 26649: (0, 127), 26663: (1, 127), 26677: (1, 127), 26691: (1, 3), 26705: (1, 0), 26719: (3, 1), 26733: (3, 0), 26747: (2, 0), 26761: (1, 4), 26775: (3, 2), 26789: (2, 1), 26803: (0, 127), 26817: (0, 126), 26831: (1, 4), 26845: (1, 127), 26859: (1, 126), 26873: (1, 126), 26887: (0, 126), 26901: (0, 2), 26915: (1, 126), 26929: (2, 127), 26943: (1, 127), 26957: (0, 2), 26971: (1, 0), 26985: (1, 127), 26999: (0, 127), 27013: (1, 0), 27027: (1, 3), 27041: (0, 127), 27055: (0, 127), 27069: (0, 127), 27083: (1, 5), 27097: (0, 0), 27111: (0, 127), 27125: (1, 127), 27139: (0, 5), 27153: (0, 0), 27167: (0, 127), 27181: (0, 127), 27195: (0, 4), 27209: (0, 0), 27223: (0, 127), 27237: (0, 127), 27251: (255, 3), 27265: (0, 1), 27279: (1, 0), 27293: (255, 127), 27307: (255, 2), 27321: (0, 1), 27335: (0, 127), 27349: (0, 127), 27363: (0, 127), 27377: (0, 4), 27391: (0, 1), 27405: (0, 1), 27419: (0, 0), 27433: (1, 6), 27447: (0, 2), 27461: (0, 0), 27475: (0, 0), 27489: (0, 0), 27503: (0, 4), 27517: (1, 1), 27531: (2, 1), 27545: (1, 1), 27559: (0, 0), 27573: (0, 6), 27587: (1, 1), 27601: (1, 1), 27615: (1, 0), 27629: (1, 126), 27643: (1, 1), 27657: (1, 127), 27671: (1, 127), 27685: (1, 1), 27699: (2, 6), 27713: (2, 1), 27727: (2, 0), 27741: (3, 1), 27755: (2, 5), 27769: (2, 4), 27783: (2, 1), 27797: (1, 1), 27811: (1, 3), 27825: (1, 2), 27839: (1, 1), 27853: (1, 0), 27867: (2, 1), 27881: (1, 4), 27895: (0, 0), 27909: (0, 0), 27923: (1, 0), 27937: (2, 5), 27951: (1, 1), 27965: (0, 0), 27979: (0, 127), 27993: (0, 5), 28007: (1, 1), 28021: (1, 0), 28035: (1, 127), 28049: (1, 2), 28063: (1, 1), 28077: (1, 0), 28091: (1, 127), 28105: (1, 0), 28119: (1, 4), 28133: (1, 1), 28147: (0, 0), 28161: (0, 0), 28175: (1, 2), 28189: (2, 2), 28203: (2, 0), 28217: (1, 127), 28231: (0, 126), 28245: (1, 3), 28259: (1, 127), 28273: (1, 125), 28287: (1, 125), 28301: (1, 3), 28315: (1, 127), 28329: (1, 127), 28343: (1, 127), 28357: (1, 3), 28371: (2, 0), 28385: (2, 127), 28399: (1, 127), 28413: (1, 3), 28427: (0, 127), 28441: (1, 127), 28455: (1, 126), 28469: (1, 0), 28483: (1, 0), 28497: (0, 126), 28511: (255, 126), 28525: (0, 127), 28539: (2, 3), 28553: (1, 127), 28567: (0, 126), 28581: (0, 127), 28595: (1, 4), 28609: (1, 127), 28623: (0, 127), 28637: (0, 127), 28651: (0, 4), 28665: (0, 127), 28679: (0, 126), 28693: (0, 127), 28707: (0, 5), 28721: (0, 0), 28735: (0, 127), 28749: (0, 127), 28763: (255, 3), 28777: (255, 0), 28791: (0, 0), 28805: (1, 0), 28819: (0, 0), 28833: (255, 1), 28847: (0, 127), 28861: (0, 127), 28875: (0, 127), 28889: (0, 4), 28903: (0, 0), 28917: (255, 127), 28931: (255, 127), 28945: (0, 127), 28959: (0, 4), 28973: (255, 127), 28987: (0, 127), 29001: (0, 127), 29015: (0, 126), 29029: (0, 4), 29043: (0, 0), 29057: (1, 1), 29071: (0, 0), 29085: (0, 0), 29099: (0, 1), 29113: (0, 3), 29127: (0, 1), 29141: (0, 1), 29155: (0, 0), 29169: (0, 0), 29183: (0, 5), 29197: (1, 1), 29211: (0, 1), 29225: (255, 0), 29239: (0, 0), 29253: (1, 6), 29267: (0, 1), 29281: (0, 0), 29295: (1, 0), 29309: (0, 0), 29323: (0, 5), 29337: (1, 127), 29351: (2, 127), 29365: (0, 0), 29379: (0, 0), 29393: (1, 3), 29407: (1, 1), 29421: (0, 0), 29435: (0, 127), 29449: (1, 5), 29463: (1, 1), 29477: (0, 0), 29491: (0, 0), 29505: (0, 1), 29519: (0, 3), 29533: (1, 1), 29547: (1, 1), 29561: (1, 0), 29575: (0, 5), 29589: (1, 1), 29603: (1, 0), 29617: (1, 127), 29631: (0, 2), 29645: (0, 2), 29659: (1, 0), 29673: (1, 0), 29687: (1, 127), 29701: (2, 4), 29715: (3, 0), 29729: (2, 0), 29743: (2, 127), 29757: (2, 5), 29771: (2, 0), 29785: (2, 0), 29799: (3, 0), 29813: (3, 5), 29827: (1, 0), 29841: (1, 127), 29855: (1, 0), 29869: (2, 5), 29883: (1, 2), 29897: (1, 0), 29911: (1, 0), 29925: (1, 4), 29939: (1, 0), 29953: (2, 0), 29967: (2, 127), 29981: (1, 4), 29995: (1, 127), 30009: (1, 126), 30023: (1, 126), 30037: (1, 4), 30051: (2, 126), 30065: (2, 126), 30079: (0, 126), 30093: (0, 4), 30107: (0, 127), 30121: (1, 127), 30135: (1, 126), 30149: (1, 4), 30163: (1, 127), 30177: (255, 126), 30191: (0, 126), 30205: (1, 2), 30219: (1, 127), 30233: (0, 126), 30247: (0, 127), 30261: (1, 2), 30275: (1, 0), 30289: (1, 0), 30303: (1, 0), 30317: (2, 5), 30331: (1, 1), 30345: (1, 0), 30359: (1, 127), 30373: (0, 4), 30387: (1, 0), 30401: (2, 0), 30415: (1, 0), 30429: (0, 5), 30443: (0, 1), 30457: (2, 1), 30471: (2, 1), 30485: (1, 6), 30499: (0, 0), 30513: (1, 127), 30527: (2, 127), 30541: (1, 3), 30555: (1, 127), 30569: (1, 127), 30583: (0, 127), 30597: (0, 3), 30611: (1, 1), 30625: (1, 0), 30639: (0, 127), 30653: (0, 127), 30667: (1, 3), 30681: (0, 127), 30695: (255, 126), 30709: (0, 127), 30723: (1, 4), 30737: (0, 0), 30751: (0, 127), 30765: (1, 127), 30779: (0, 0), 30793: (1, 3), 30807: (1, 0), 30821: (1, 0), 30835: (0, 127), 30849: (0, 3), 30863: (1, 2), 30877: (2, 1), 30891: (1, 0), 30905: (1, 1), 30919: (2, 5), 30933: (0, 2), 30947: (1, 2), 30961: (1, 0), 30975: (1, 6), 30989: (1, 1), 31003: (0, 0), 31017: (0, 0), 31031: (0, 4), 31045: (0, 1), 31059: (1, 0), 31073: (1, 0), 31087: (0, 127), 31101: (0, 2), 31115: (0, 127), 31129: (1, 0), 31143: (1, 0), 31157: (1, 4), 31171: (0, 0), 31185: (0, 127), 31199: (1, 0), 31213: (1, 5), 31227: (1, 0), 31241: (1, 0), 31255: (1, 0), 31269: (0, 5), 31283: (0, 1), 31297: (0, 0), 31311: (1, 0), 31325: (1, 5), 31339: (1, 2), 31353: (0, 0), 31367: (0, 0), 31381: (1, 4), 31395: (2, 1), 31409: (1, 0), 31423: (1, 0), 31437: (0, 3), 31451: (0, 0), 31465: (1, 0), 31479: (1, 0), 31493: (0, 3), 31507: (0, 1), 31521: (0, 0), 31535: (0, 127), 31549: (255, 1), 31563: (0, 1), 31577: (0, 127), 31591: (0, 127), 31605: (255, 127), 31619: (255, 2), 31633: (0, 127), 31647: (1, 127), 31661: (1, 127), 31675: (1, 4), 31689: (0, 127), 31703: (255, 127), 31717: (0, 0), 31731: (1, 7), 31745: (1, 1), 31759: (0, 0), 31773: (0, 0), 31787: (0, 6), 31801: (0, 1), 31815: (1, 0), 31829: (1, 0), 31843: (0, 4), 31857: (0, 1), 31871: (0, 1), 31885: (1, 1), 31899: (255, 1), 31913: (0, 2), 31927: (1, 1), 31941: (0, 1), 31955: (255, 0), 31969: (0, 4), 31983: (1, 1), 31997: (2, 1), 32011: (1, 0), 32025: (1, 6), 32039: (0, 1), 32053: (0, 0), 32067: (1, 127), 32081: (1, 4), 32095: (1, 1), 32109: (0, 0), 32123: (1, 1), 32137: (1, 1), 32151: (0, 3), 32165: (0, 1), 32179: (1, 0), 32193: (1, 0), 32207: (0, 6), 32221: (0, 0), 32235: (1, 0), 32249: (0, 127), 32263: (0, 4), 32277: (0, 0), 32291: (0, 0), 32305: (255, 127), 32319: (0, 4), 32333: (2, 2), 32347: (1, 0), 32361: (255, 127), 32375: (255, 0), 32389: (1, 2), 32403: (0, 0), 32417: (255, 127), 32431: (0, 127), 32445: (0, 5), 32459: (0, 0), 32473: (0, 127), 32487: (1, 0), 32501: (0, 3), 32515: (0, 1), 32529: (1, 1), 32543: (1, 1), 32557: (0, 0), 32571: (0, 5), 32585: (1, 1), 32599: (0, 0), 32613: (0, 0), 32627: (0, 0), 32641: (1, 5), 32655: (0, 1), 32669: (0, 1), 32683: (0, 0), 32697: (0, 6), 32711: (0, 1), 32725: (0, 1), 32739: (1, 1), 32753: (0, 1), 32767: (0, 6), 32781: (0, 1), 32795: (1, 1), 32809: (0, 0), 32823: (0, 4), 32837: (1, 1), 32851: (1, 1), 32865: (0, 0), 32879: (1, 2), 32893: (2, 4), 32907: (2, 2), 32921: (2, 1), 32935: (3, 1), 32949: (3, 5), 32963: (2, 2), 32977: (2, 1), 32991: (3, 127), 33005: (3, 4), 33019: (1, 0), 33033: (1, 1), 33047: (2, 1), 33061: (2, 4), 33075: (1, 1), 33089: (1, 0), 33103: (2, 0), 33117: (0, 4), 33131: (0, 1), 33145: (2, 0), 33159: (1, 0), 33173: (0, 0), 33187: (1, 4), 33201: (1, 1), 33215: (0, 1), 33229: (0, 127), 33243: (1, 3), 33257: (1, 0), 33271: (0, 127), 33285: (255, 127), 33299: (0, 2), 33313: (0, 0), 33327: (1, 127), 33341: (1, 1), 33355: (1, 1), 33369: (0, 127), 33383: (255, 126), 33397: (1, 127), 33411: (1, 3), 33425: (0, 127), 33439: (255, 127), 33453: (0, 127), 33467: (1, 5), 33481: (1, 0), 33495: (2, 127), 33509: (2, 126), 33523: (1, 5), 33537: (1, 1), 33551: (1, 1), 33565: (1, 0), 33579: (0, 5), 33593: (1, 1), 33607: (2, 1), 33621: (1, 0), 33635: (1, 5), 33649: (2, 127), 33663: (3, 0), 33677: (2, 0), 33691: (1, 5), 33705: (1, 0), 33719: (1, 0), 33733: (2, 0), 33747: (2, 4), 33761: (2, 1), 33775: (2, 127), 33789: (2, 127), 33803: (3, 4), 33817: (3, 2), 33831: (2, 0), 33845: (2, 127), 33859: (2, 4), 33873: (2, 1), 33887: (1, 0), 33901: (1, 127), 33915: (1, 2), 33929: (2, 1), 33943: (1, 127), 33957: (1, 126), 33971: (0, 126), 33985: (0, 4), 33999: (0, 127), 34013: (1, 127), 34027: (1, 0), 34041: (0, 4), 34055: (0, 0), 34069: (1, 0), 34083: (1, 0), 34097: (1, 3), 34111: (1, 0), 34125: (2, 127), 34139: (2, 127), 34153: (2, 4), 34167: (2, 0), 34181: (2, 0), 34195: (1, 0), 34209: (1, 6), 34223: (0, 0), 34237: (255, 0), 34251: (0, 0), 34265: (1, 5), 34279: (2, 1), 34293: (1, 127), 34307: (1, 127), 34321: (1, 2), 34335: (1, 1), 34349: (2, 126), 34363: (2, 125), 34377: (2, 126), 34391: (2, 126), 34405: (1, 125), 34419: (1, 125), 34433: (1, 0), 34447: (1, 1), 34461: (1, 0), 34475: (1, 127), 34489: (0, 127), 34503: (1, 3), 34517: (1, 0), 34531: (2, 0), 34545: (1, 0), 34559: (1, 6), 34573: (0, 1), 34587: (1, 0), 34601: (1, 0), 34615: (2, 6), 34629: (1, 2), 34643: (0, 0), 34657: (0, 0), 34671: (1, 4), 34685: (1, 1), 34699: (1, 2), 34713: (1, 1), 34727: (1, 4), 34741: (1, 2), 34755: (0, 0), 34769: (1, 127), 34783: (2, 2), 34797: (1, 1), 34811: (0, 127), 34825: (0, 127), 34839: (0, 3), 34853: (1, 1), 34867: (2, 0), 34881: (2, 127), 34895: (0, 2), 34909: (0, 1), 34923: (0, 127), 34937: (1, 127), 34951: (1, 4), 34965: (0, 0), 34979: (0, 127), 34993: (0, 127), 35007: (0, 4), 35021: (1, 1), 35035: (0, 0), 35049: (0, 127), 35063: (0, 4), 35077: (255, 1), 35091: (0, 0), 35105: (0, 127), 35119: (1, 4), 35133: (0, 1), 35147: (0, 0), 35161: (255, 127), 35175: (255, 2), 35189: (0, 1), 35203: (1, 1), 35217: (1, 0), 35231: (0, 3), 35245: (0, 2), 35259: (0, 0), 35273: (1, 0), 35287: (1, 3), 35301: (0, 2), 35315: (0, 0), 35329: (1, 0), 35343: (1, 2), 35357: (2, 3), 35371: (2, 0), 35385: (2, 127), 35399: (2, 0), 35413: (2, 5), 35427: (2, 0), 35441: (1, 0), 35455: (1, 1), 35469: (1, 6), 35483: (1, 1), 35497: (0, 0), 35511: (255, 0), 35525: (0, 7), 35539: (2, 2), 35553: (0, 1), 35567: (0, 1), 35581: (1, 6), 35595: (1, 2), 35609: (0, 1), 35623: (1, 0), 35637: (1, 5), 35651: (1, 2), 35665: (0, 1), 35679: (0, 1), 35693: (0, 4), 35707: (1, 2), 35721: (1, 1), 35735: (1, 1), 35749: (0, 2), 35763: (0, 2), 35777: (1, 0), 35791: (1, 0), 35805: (1, 1), 35819: (0, 2), 35833: (0, 0), 35847: (1, 127), 35861: (0, 1), 35875: (0, 2), 35889: (1, 1), 35903: (0, 1), 35917: (0, 0), 35931: (0, 4), 35945: (1, 0), 35959: (0, 0), 35973: (255, 127), 35987: (255, 3), 36001: (0, 1), 36015: (1, 0), 36029: (255, 127), 36043: (0, 127), 36057: (0, 2), 36071: (0, 0), 36085: (0, 127), 36099: (0, 0), 36113: (0, 5), 36127: (1, 1), 36141: (1, 0), 36155: (0, 1), 36169: (0, 1), 36183: (0, 4), 36197: (1, 1), 36211: (0, 1), 36225: (0, 0), 36239: (1, 4), 36253: (1, 0), 36267: (1, 126), 36281: (1, 126), 36295: (1, 0), 36309: (2, 1), 36323: (0, 127), 36337: (1, 127), 36351: (2, 127), 36365: (1, 4), 36379: (0, 0), 36393: (0, 0), 36407: (1, 127), 36421: (0, 3), 36435: (0, 0), 36449: (1, 127), 36463: (1, 127), 36477: (1, 126), 36491: (0, 4), 36505: (1, 0), 36519: (1, 0), 36533: (1, 1), 36547: (1, 5), 36561: (1, 0), 36575: (255, 127), 36589: (255, 127), 36603: (1, 2), 36617: (1, 1), 36631: (255, 0), 36645: (255, 127), 36659: (0, 127), 36673: (0, 5), 36687: (0, 0), 36701: (1, 1), 36715: (1, 0), 36729: (0, 3), 36743: (1, 2), 36757: (1, 0), 36771: (0, 0), 36785: (0, 0), 36799: (1, 4), 36813: (2, 1), 36827: (0, 0), 36841: (0, 0), 36855: (1, 5), 36869: (2, 1), 36883: (1, 127), 36897: (255, 126), 36911: (0, 2), 36925: (0, 127), 36939: (0, 126), 36953: (1, 127), 36967: (1, 127), 36981: (0, 4), 36995: (0, 126), 37009: (2, 126), 37023: (2, 127), 37037: (2, 3), 37051: (2, 1), 37065: (2, 0), 37079: (1, 127), 37093: (255, 0), 37107: (0, 2), 37121: (1, 127), 37135: (1, 0), 37149: (0, 127), 37163: (0, 6), 37177: (2, 0), 37191: (2, 1), 37205: (2, 1), 37219: (1, 5), 37233: (1, 0), 37247: (1, 127), 37261: (0, 126), 37275: (1, 4), 37289: (1, 0), 37303: (1, 127), 37317: (0, 127), 37331: (0, 1), 37345: (0, 1), 37359: (255, 127), 37373: (0, 126), 37387: (0, 1), 37401: (0, 1), 37415: (255, 127), 37429: (0, 0), 37443: (0, 3), 37457: (1, 2), 37471: (1, 0), 37485: (1, 127), 37499: (255, 127), 37513: (0, 4), 37527: (0, 1), 37541: (1, 1), 37555: (0, 1), 37569: (0, 5), 37583: (0, 1), 37597: (0, 1), 37611: (0, 1), 37625: (0, 6), 37639: (1, 2), 37653: (0, 1), 37667: (0, 1), 37681: (0, 6), 37695: (0, 1), 37709: (0, 1), 37723: (1, 0), 37737: (1, 6), 37751: (0, 2), 37765: (0, 0), 37779: (1, 0), 37793: (1, 6), 37807: (0, 2), 37821: (1, 1), 37835: (1, 0), 37849: (0, 6), 37863: (0, 2), 37877: (1, 1), 37891: (1, 1), 37905: (0, 3), 37919: (1, 2), 37933: (1, 1), 37947: (1, 0), 37961: (1, 0), 37975: (1, 3), 37989: (2, 1), 38003: (1, 0), 38017: (0, 0), 38031: (0, 0), 38045: (1, 0), 38059: (1, 2), 38073: (2, 127), 38087: (2, 126), 38101: (1, 125), 38115: (0, 0), 38129: (1, 126), 38143: (3, 124), 38157: (1, 123), 38171: (0, 123), 38185: (1, 0), 38199: (1, 127), 38213: (0, 127), 38227: (1, 126), 38241: (1, 2), 38255: (1, 127), 38269: (1, 127), 38283: (1, 126), 38297: (1, 4), 38311: (0, 0), 38325: (1, 127), 38339: (2, 127), 38353: (1, 3), 38367: (0, 126), 38381: (0, 125), 38395: (1, 124), 38409: (2, 0), 38423: (1, 125), 38437: (0, 125), 38451: (0, 125), 38465: (1, 126), 38479: (1, 0), 38493: (1, 126), 38507: (1, 126), 38521: (1, 127), 38535: (0, 4), 38549: (1, 0), 38563: (1, 127), 38577: (1, 127), 38591: (1, 2), 38605: (1, 1), 38619: (0, 127), 38633: (255, 127), 38647: (1, 0), 38661: (1, 3), 38675: (1, 1), 38689: (0, 0), 38703: (0, 0), 38717: (0, 5), 38731: (2, 0), 38745: (2, 126), 38759: (3, 125), 38773: (2, 0), 38787: (3, 124), 38801: (3, 124), 38815: (3, 124), 38829: (2, 0), 38843: (2, 127), 38857: (1, 126), 38871: (1, 126), 38885: (1, 127), 38899: (1, 1), 38913: (1, 127), 38927: (1, 127), 38941: (1, 127), 38955: (1, 3), 38969: (0, 127), 38983: (1, 127), 38997: (2, 127), 39011: (1, 4), 39025: (0, 0), 39039: (0, 127), 39053: (0, 0), 39067: (0, 4), 39081: (1, 1), 39095: (0, 0), 39109: (255, 0), 39123: (0, 3), 39137: (1, 1), 39151: (1, 1), 39165: (0, 0), 39179: (0, 0), 39193: (0, 4), 39207: (1, 1), 39221: (0, 0), 39235: (0, 0), 39249: (1, 5), 39263: (2, 1), 39277: (0, 0), 39291: (0, 0), 39305: (0, 5), 39319: (0, 1), 39333: (1, 0), 39347: (0, 0), 39361: (0, 4), 39375: (0, 2), 39389: (0, 1), 39403: (1, 0), 39417: (1, 4), 39431: (0, 2), 39445: (0, 0), 39459: (0, 0), 39473: (0, 3), 39487: (1, 3), 39501: (0, 0), 39515: (0, 0), 39529: (1, 0), 39543: (0, 2), 39557: (0, 127), 39571: (0, 127), 39585: (0, 0), 39599: (0, 6), 39613: (1, 2), 39627: (0, 1), 39641: (255, 0), 39655: (0, 6), 39669: (1, 2), 39683: (0, 0), 39697: (255, 0), 39711: (0, 5), 39725: (0, 2), 39739: (1, 2), 39753: (0, 0), 39767: (1, 5), 39781: (0, 2), 39795: (0, 1), 39809: (1, 1), 39823: (1, 2), 39837: (0, 3), 39851: (0, 0), 39865: (0, 0), 39879: (0, 0), 39893: (0, 2), 39907: (1, 0), 39921: (2, 0), 39935: (2, 1), 39949: (1, 3), 39963: (0, 0), 39977: (0, 0), 39991: (0, 0), 40005: (0, 5), 40019: (1, 1), 40033: (255, 0), 40047: (255, 0), 40061: (0, 6), 40075: (1, 1), 40089: (0, 0), 40103: (255, 127), 40117: (255, 0), 40131: (0, 6), 40145: (0, 1), 40159: (0, 0), 40173: (255, 0), 40187: (255, 127), 40201: (0, 5), 40215: (0, 1), 40229: (1, 1), 40243: (0, 0), 40257: (0, 1), 40271: (1, 6), 40285: (0, 2), 40299: (255, 1), 40313: (0, 0), 40327: (1, 1), 40341: (1, 4), 40355: (0, 1), 40369: (255, 0), 40383: (1, 1), 40397: (1, 1), 40411: (0, 3), 40425: (1, 1), 40439: (1, 0), 40453: (0, 0), 40467: (0, 1), 40481: (1, 3), 40495: (1, 0), 40509: (0, 0), 40523: (1, 127), 40537: (1, 1), 40551: (0, 0), 40565: (0, 126), 40579: (1, 127), 40593: (1, 126), 40607: (0, 4), 40621: (0, 127), 40635: (0, 126), 40649: (0, 126), 40663: (1, 126), 40677: (2, 2), 40691: (1, 0), 40705: (0, 126), 40719: (0, 126), 40733: (1, 4), 40747: (1, 0), 40761: (1, 127), 40775: (0, 126), 40789: (1, 0), 40803: (0, 1), 40817: (1, 125), 40831: (0, 125), 40845: (0, 126), 40859: (1, 4), 40873: (1, 0), 40887: (0, 127), 40901: (0, 126), 40915: (0, 1), 40929: (2, 1), 40943: (2, 127), 40957: (1, 127), 40971: (0, 126), 40985: (0, 4), 40999: (1, 0), 41013: (1, 127), 41027: (0, 127), 41041: (0, 1), 41055: (255, 2), 41069: (0, 0), 41083: (0, 127), 41097: (1, 0), 41111: (1, 4), 41125: (1, 1), 41139: (0, 1), 41153: (0, 0), 41167: (255, 4), 41181: (1, 2), 41195: (1, 1), 41209: (1, 1), 41223: (0, 2), 41237: (0, 3), 41251: (1, 1), 41265: (1, 0), 41279: (1, 127), 41293: (1, 4), 41307: (0, 1), 41321: (255, 0), 41335: (0, 0), 41349: (0, 3), 41363: (0, 2), 41377: (0, 1), 41391: (0, 1), 41405: (0, 0), 41419: (0, 4), 41433: (0, 0), 41447: (1, 0), 41461: (0, 1), 41475: (255, 5), 41489: (255, 1), 41503: (0, 0), 41517: (1, 1), 41531: (0, 4), 41545: (0, 2), 41559: (0, 0), 41573: (0, 127), 41587: (255, 127), 41601: (0, 3), 41615: (0, 0), 41629: (255, 0), 41643: (0, 0), 41657: (0, 5), 41671: (0, 1), 41685: (0, 0), 41699: (1, 127), 41713: (1, 2), 41727: (0, 2), 41741: (0, 127), 41755: (1, 126), 41769: (1, 126), 41783: (0, 3), 41797: (1, 0), 41811: (1, 127), 41825: (255, 126), 41839: (255, 127), 41853: (0, 3), 41867: (1, 1), 41881: (0, 0), 41895: (0, 0), 41909: (0, 5), 41923: (1, 1), 41937: (0, 0), 41951: (1, 0), 41965: (0, 1), 41979: (0, 3), 41993: (255, 0), 42007: (0, 0), 42021: (0, 0), 42035: (255, 4), 42049: (255, 1), 42063: (255, 0), 42077: (255, 0), 42091: (255, 0), 42105: (0, 3), 42119: (0, 1), 42133: (0, 0), 42147: (255, 127), 42161: (255, 5), 42175: (255, 0), 42189: (0, 0), 42203: (1, 1), 42217: (1, 1), 42231: (0, 4), 42245: (255, 1), 42259: (0, 0), 42273: (1, 0), 42287: (0, 4), 42301: (0, 2), 42315: (0, 2), 42329: (0, 1), 42343: (0, 1), 42357: (0, 6), 42371: (1, 1), 42385: (0, 0), 42399: (0, 0), 42413: (0, 127), 42427: (0, 5), 42441: (255, 1), 42455: (0, 1), 42469: (1, 1), 42483: (0, 6), 42497: (255, 2), 42511: (255, 1), 42525: (0, 1), 42539: (1, 2), 42553: (0, 4), 42567: (255, 1), 42581: (255, 2), 42595: (0, 1), 42609: (0, 8), 42623: (0, 2), 42637: (0, 2), 42651: (255, 1), 42665: (1, 2), 42679: (2, 3), 42693: (2, 127), 42707: (2, 127), 42721: (2, 127), 42735: (2, 5), 42749: (1, 0), 42763: (0, 127), 42777: (1, 0), 42791: (1, 3), 42805: (2, 1), 42819: (1, 0), 42833: (0, 127), 42847: (0, 0), 42861: (0, 5), 42875: (1, 0), 42889: (1, 0), 42903: (0, 127), 42917: (1, 2), 42931: (1, 1), 42945: (1, 0), 42959: (1, 126), 42973: (1, 125), 42987: (2, 1), 43001: (1, 125), 43015: (2, 126), 43029: (2, 124), 43043: (2, 127), 43057: (1, 1), 43071: (1, 127), 43085: (1, 0), 43099: (0, 127), 43113: (0, 3), 43127: (1, 0), 43141: (1, 0), 43155: (0, 0), 43169: (0, 4), 43183: (0, 1), 43197: (0, 0), 43211: (0, 0), 43225: (1, 5), 43239: (1, 1), 43253: (0, 127), 43267: (0, 126), 43281: (1, 4), 43295: (1, 0), 43309: (0, 0), 43323: (0, 0), 43337: (1, 5), 43351: (1, 1), 43365: (0, 127), 43379: (0, 127), 43393: (1, 4), 43407: (1, 1), 43421: (0, 127), 43435: (1, 127), 43449: (0, 3), 43463: (0, 1), 43477: (0, 0), 43491: (0, 0), 43505: (0, 3), 43519: (0, 1), 43533: (1, 0), 43547: (2, 0), 43561: (1, 0), 43575: (0, 4), 43589: (1, 0), 43603: (1, 0), 43617: (0, 0), 43631: (0, 5), 43645: (0, 1), 43659: (0, 0), 43673: (0, 0), 43687: (0, 5), 43701: (0, 0), 43715: (255, 0), 43729: (255, 127), 43743: (255, 4), 43757: (255, 1), 43771: (255, 0), 43785: (255, 0), 43799: (0, 0), 43813: (0, 4), 43827: (254, 127), 43841: (255, 127), 43855: (0, 127), 43869: (0, 4), 43883: (0, 2), 43897: (255, 1), 43911: (255, 1), 43925: (255, 0), 43939: (0, 7), 43953: (0, 2), 43967: (0, 2), 43981: (0, 1), 43995: (255, 0), 44009: (255, 6), 44023: (0, 2), 44037: (0, 1), 44051: (0, 1), 44065: (0, 2), 44079: (0, 6), 44093: (255, 3), 44107: (0, 1), 44121: (1, 1), 44135: (1, 5), 44149: (0, 1), 44163: (255, 0), 44177: (255, 0), 44191: (255, 0), 44205: (1, 6), 44219: (0, 2), 44233: (255, 1), 44247: (0, 1), 44261: (255, 5), 44275: (0, 3), 44289: (0, 1), 44303: (0, 1), 44317: (0, 3), 44331: (0, 3), 44345: (255, 0), 44359: (255, 0), 44373: (0, 1), 44387: (0, 3), 44401: (0, 1), 44415: (0, 0), 44429: (254, 0), 44443: (255, 3), 44457: (255, 0), 44471: (0, 127), 44485: (0, 126), 44499: (255, 4), 44513: (255, 127), 44527: (255, 0), 44541: (255, 127), 44555: (0, 5), 44569: (0, 0), 44583: (255, 0), 44597: (255, 0), 44611: (255, 5), 44625: (255, 1), 44639: (0, 0), 44653: (0, 0), 44667: (0, 4), 44681: (255, 2), 44695: (255, 1), 44709: (255, 0), 44723: (0, 1), 44737: (0, 7), 44751: (0, 1), 44765: (255, 1), 44779: (255, 0), 44793: (255, 3), 44807: (1, 3), 44821: (0, 1), 44835: (0, 1), 44849: (0, 1), 44863: (0, 7), 44877: (0, 2), 44891: (0, 1), 44905: (0, 1), 44919: (0, 5), 44933: (0, 3), 44947: (255, 2), 44961: (255, 0), 44975: (0, 1), 44989: (0, 5), 45003: (1, 3), 45017: (0, 1), 45031: (255, 1), 45045: (0, 2), 45059: (2, 5), 45073: (3, 2), 45087: (2, 1), 45101: (1, 0), 45115: (2, 7), 45129: (3, 3), 45143: (3, 1), 45157: (2, 0), 45171: (2, 5), 45185: (1, 2), 45199: (0, 1), 45213: (0, 1), 45227: (0, 3), 45241: (0, 3), 45255: (1, 2), 45269: (1, 1), 45283: (1, 1), 45297: (1, 5), 45311: (1, 1), 45325: (1, 0), 45339: (1, 127), 45353: (1, 4), 45367: (1, 126), 45381: (1, 127), 45395: (0, 127), 45409: (0, 4), 45423: (0, 0), 45437: (0, 0), 45451: (255, 127), 45465: (0, 4), 45479: (0, 1), 45493: (0, 0), 45507: (255, 127), 45521: (0, 2), 45535: (1, 2), 45549: (255, 0), 45563: (255, 127), 45577: (1, 0), 45591: (2, 5), 45605: (2, 2), 45619: (1, 1), 45633: (1, 1), 45647: (2, 3), 45661: (1, 3), 45675: (1, 0), 45689: (1, 0), 45703: (255, 0), 45717: (0, 3), 45731: (1, 0), 45745: (1, 0), 45759: (0, 127), 45773: (0, 4), 45787: (0, 1), 45801: (1, 1), 45815: (0, 0), 45829: (1, 6), 45843: (1, 1), 45857: (0, 1), 45871: (255, 0), 45885: (255, 5), 45899: (0, 1), 45913: (0, 0), 45927: (0, 0), 45941: (255, 4), 45955: (255, 1), 45969: (0, 1), 45983: (0, 1), 45997: (1, 2), 46011: (1, 3), 46025: (255, 1), 46039: (255, 0), 46053: (0, 0), 46067: (0, 5), 46081: (0, 0), 46095: (0, 0), 46109: (0, 127), 46123: (0, 3), 46137: (0, 0), 46151: (0, 1), 46165: (0, 127), 46179: (0, 1), 46193: (1, 2), 46207: (0, 0), 46221: (255, 127), 46235: (0, 127), 46249: (1, 4), 46263: (0, 0), 46277: (0, 0), 46291: (255, 127), 46305: (0, 5), 46319: (1, 2), 46333: (2, 0), 46347: (2, 0), 46361: (1, 127), 46375: (1, 4), 46389: (1, 2), 46403: (1, 1), 46417: (0, 0), 46431: (0, 4), 46445: (1, 2), 46459: (1, 1), 46473: (255, 0), 46487: (0, 1), 46501: (1, 0), 46515: (1, 3), 46529: (0, 1), 46543: (0, 1), 46557: (0, 1), 46571: (0, 4), 46585: (0, 2), 46599: (1, 1), 46613: (1, 0), 46627: (0, 0), 46641: (0, 4), 46655: (1, 0), 46669: (1, 127), 46683: (1, 0), 46697: (1, 3), 46711: (1, 0), 46725: (0, 127), 46739: (1, 127), 46753: (1, 0), 46767: (1, 5), 46781: (0, 1), 46795: (0, 1), 46809: (1, 1), 46823: (0, 5), 46837: (0, 2), 46851: (1, 1), 46865: (1, 1), 46879: (0, 4), 46893: (255, 2), 46907: (0, 0), 46921: (1, 1), 46935: (255, 1), 46949: (0, 4), 46963: (0, 1), 46977: (1, 0), 46991: (0, 0), 47005: (1, 5), 47019: (0, 1), 47033: (255, 0), 47047: (0, 127), 47061: (1, 6), 47075: (0, 0), 47089: (255, 127), 47103: (0, 127), 47117: (0, 5), 47131: (0, 1), 47145: (0, 0), 47159: (1, 127), 47173: (1, 4), 47187: (1, 127), 47201: (1, 126), 47215: (2, 125), 47229: (2, 0), 47243: (2, 125), 47257: (2, 126), 47271: (2, 126), 47285: (0, 1), 47299: (0, 0), 47313: (1, 0), 47327: (1, 0), 47341: (0, 1), 47355: (0, 3), 47369: (0, 1), 47383: (0, 0), 47397: (0, 0), 47411: (1, 5), 47425: (1, 1), 47439: (0, 1), 47453: (255, 1), 47467: (0, 6), 47481: (0, 2), 47495: (0, 1), 47509: (0, 0), 47523: (0, 4), 47537: (255, 1), 47551: (255, 0), 47565: (255, 0), 47579: (0, 5), 47593: (0, 1), 47607: (0, 0), 47621: (255, 0), 47635: (0, 6), 47649: (0, 1), 47663: (0, 1), 47677: (0, 1), 47691: (0, 7), 47705: (255, 1), 47719: (0, 1), 47733: (0, 1), 47747: (0, 6), 47761: (1, 2), 47775: (1, 1), 47789: (0, 1), 47803: (0, 7), 47817: (0, 2), 47831: (0, 1), 47845: (0, 0), 47859: (0, 7), 47873: (0, 2), 47887: (0, 1), 47901: (255, 1), 47915: (255, 6), 47929: (1, 3), 47943: (1, 1), 47957: (0, 1), 47971: (255, 6), 47985: (0, 2), 47999: (1, 2), 48013: (1, 1), 48027: (1, 4), 48041: (1, 1), 48055: (0, 0), 48069: (0, 0), 48083: (0, 5), 48097: (1, 1), 48111: (0, 1), 48125: (0, 1), 48139: (0, 4), 48153: (0, 1), 48167: (255, 0), 48181: (0, 0), 48195: (1, 4), 48209: (0, 1), 48223: (255, 127), 48237: (255, 127), 48251: (255, 2), 48265: (0, 1), 48279: (1, 127), 48293: (0, 127), 48307: (255, 0), 48321: (255, 2), 48335: (0, 0), 48349: (255, 127), 48363: (255, 127), 48377: (255, 4), 48391: (0, 1), 48405: (255, 0), 48419: (254, 0), 48433: (255, 5), 48447: (0, 1), 48461: (0, 0), 48475: (255, 0), 48489: (255, 4), 48503: (0, 2), 48517: (0, 1), 48531: (0, 1), 48545: (0, 0), 48559: (255, 6), 48573: (255, 2), 48587: (255, 1), 48601: (0, 1), 48615: (255, 3), 48629: (255, 3), 48643: (255, 2), 48657: (0, 1), 48671: (0, 1), 48685: (0, 8), 48699: (0, 3), 48713: (0, 2), 48727: (1, 2), 48741: (0, 3), 48755: (0, 3), 48769: (0, 2), 48783: (1, 1), 48797: (1, 1), 48811: (0, 5), 48825: (255, 1), 48839: (0, 1), 48853: (1, 1), 48867: (0, 6), 48881: (0, 2), 48895: (1, 1), 48909: (0, 0), 48923: (0, 2), 48937: (0, 2), 48951: (0, 0), 48965: (0, 0), 48979: (255, 127), 48993: (0, 5), 49007: (0, 1), 49021: (255, 0), 49035: (255, 127), 49049: (1, 5), 49063: (0, 1), 49077: (254, 0), 49091: (255, 0), 49105: (1, 3), 49119: (2, 1), 49133: (1, 0), 49147: (1, 1), 49161: (1, 4), 49175: (1, 2), 49189: (2, 1), 49203: (2, 127), 49217: (2, 3), 49231: (0, 1), 49245: (0, 127), 49259: (1, 127), 49273: (2, 2), 49287: (1, 2), 49301: (1, 0), 49315: (1, 0), 49329: (0, 2), 49343: (0, 2), 49357: (0, 0), 49371: (1, 127), 49385: (0, 2), 49399: (0, 2), 49413: (255, 0), 49427: (255, 127), 49441: (255, 127), 49455: (1, 3), 49469: (0, 0), 49483: (255, 127), 49497: (254, 126), 49511: (255, 4), 49525: (0, 127), 49539: (255, 126), 49553: (255, 126), 49567: (0, 4), 49581: (255, 127), 49595: (255, 127), 49609: (255, 126), 49623: (0, 3), 49637: (0, 0), 49651: (255, 0), 49665: (255, 0), 49679: (255, 0), 49693: (255, 5), 49707: (0, 1), 49721: (0, 0), 49735: (0, 127), 49749: (255, 127), 49763: (255, 4), 49777: (255, 127), 49791: (0, 0), 49805: (0, 127), 49819: (255, 127), 49833: (255, 4), 49847: (1, 0), 49861: (2, 127), 49875: (2, 2), 49889: (2, 2), 49903: (0, 7), 49917: (1, 3), 49931: (0, 1), 49945: (255, 1), 49959: (0, 1), 49973: (1, 6), 49987: (0, 2), 50001: (0, 1), 50015: (0, 1), 50029: (1, 127), 50043: (0, 2), 50057: (0, 126), 50071: (2, 127), 50085: (2, 127), 50099: (2, 126), 50113: (1, 2), 50127: (2, 1), 50141: (1, 0), 50155: (0, 0), 50169: (0, 6), 50183: (1, 1), 50197: (1, 1), 50211: (1, 0), 50225: (1, 2), 50239: (1, 3), 50253: (0, 0), 50267: (1, 0), 50281: (1, 0), 50295: (1, 6), 50309: (1, 2), 50323: (3, 0), 50337: (2, 0), 50351: (1, 3), 50365: (1, 2), 50379: (3, 1), 50393: (2, 1), 50407: (0, 3), 50421: (1, 2), 50435: (1, 1), 50449: (0, 0), 50463: (0, 0), 50477: (1, 4), 50491: (1, 1), 50505: (0, 127), 50519: (0, 0), 50533: (0, 5), 50547: (0, 1), 50561: (255, 0), 50575: (255, 0), 50589: (1, 4), 50603: (1, 1), 50617: (0, 127), 50631: (0, 0), 50645: (1, 1), 50659: (1, 3), 50673: (0, 1), 50687: (0, 0), 50701: (1, 1), 50715: (1, 5), 50729: (1, 1), 50743: (1, 0), 50757: (0, 127), 50771: (0, 5), 50785: (1, 1), 50799: (1, 0), 50813: (0, 127), 50827: (255, 3), 50841: (0, 1), 50855: (0, 0), 50869: (0, 0), 50883: (0, 3), 50897: (0, 1), 50911: (0, 0), 50925: (0, 127), 50939: (0, 2), 50953: (1, 2), 50967: (0, 0), 50981: (0, 0), 50995: (1, 1), 51009: (0, 2), 51023: (0, 127), 51037: (2, 0), 51051: (2, 0), 51065: (2, 5), 51079: (0, 1), 51093: (0, 0), 51107: (0, 0), 51121: (0, 5), 51135: (1, 1), 51149: (0, 1), 51163: (255, 1), 51177: (255, 6), 51191: (0, 1), 51205: (1, 1), 51219: (1, 1), 51233: (0, 6), 51247: (1, 2), 51261: (1, 1), 51275: (0, 0), 51289: (0, 5), 51303: (1, 2), 51317: (1, 1), 51331: (255, 127), 51345: (0, 4), 51359: (0, 2), 51373: (0, 0), 51387: (1, 0), 51401: (1, 2), 51415: (1, 2), 51429: (0, 0), 51443: (0, 127), 51457: (1, 1), 51471: (1, 2), 51485: (255, 0), 51499: (255, 0), 51513: (0, 0), 51527: (255, 4), 51541: (0, 1), 51555: (0, 0), 51569: (0, 0), 51583: (0, 4), 51597: (0, 0), 51611: (0, 0), 51625: (0, 0), 51639: (0, 6), 51653: (2, 3), 51667: (1, 1), 51681: (0, 1), 51695: (255, 6), 51709: (1, 1), 51723: (1, 1), 51737: (1, 1), 51751: (0, 6), 51765: (2, 1), 51779: (2, 0), 51793: (2, 0), 51807: (2, 3), 51821: (3, 2), 51835: (3, 1), 51849: (1, 0), 51863: (1, 5), 51877: (1, 2), 51891: (1, 1), 51905: (1, 1), 51919: (2, 5), 51933: (1, 2), 51947: (0, 0), 51961: (1, 0), 51975: (1, 6), 51989: (2, 1), 52003: (0, 1), 52017: (0, 0), 52031: (0, 6), 52045: (0, 2), 52059: (1, 1), 52073: (1, 1), 52087: (0, 6), 52101: (0, 2), 52115: (1, 2), 52129: (2, 1), 52143: (2, 6), 52157: (1, 1), 52171: (2, 0), 52185: (2, 127), 52199: (2, 1), 52213: (2, 124), 52227: (2, 124), 52241: (2, 125), 52255: (3, 1), 52269: (1, 126), 52283: (0, 125), 52297: (0, 125), 52311: (1, 3), 52325: (2, 0), 52339: (1, 127), 52353: (0, 2), 52367: (1, 2), 52381: (1, 1), 52395: (1, 1), 52409: (1, 3), 52423: (1, 2), 52437: (0, 0), 52451: (0, 0), 52465: (1, 3), 52479: (1, 1), 52493: (0, 0), 52507: (0, 127), 52521: (0, 5), 52535: (0, 0), 52549: (255, 127), 52563: (255, 127), 52577: (0, 4), 52591: (1, 1), 52605: (0, 0), 52619: (255, 127), 52633: (0, 5), 52647: (1, 1), 52661: (1, 0), 52675: (1, 126), 52689: (2, 5), 52703: (2, 3), 52717: (2, 2), 52731: (2, 2), 52745: (1, 6), 52759: (0, 1), 52773: (0, 1), 52787: (1, 2), 52801: (1, 5), 52815: (0, 2), 52829: (1, 1), 52843: (1, 5), 52857: (0, 2), 52871: (0, 1), 52885: (0, 1), 52899: (0, 5), 52913: (0, 3), 52927: (1, 2), 52941: (1, 2), 52955: (0, 6), 52969: (0, 2), 52983: (1, 1), 52997: (1, 0), 53011: (0, 4), 53025: (0, 2), 53039: (0, 1), 53053: (0, 1), 53067: (0, 6), 53081: (1, 2), 53095: (1, 1), 53109: (1, 1), 53123: (0, 5), 53137: (0, 2), 53151: (1, 0), 53165: (0, 0), 53179: (0, 4), 53193: (1, 1), 53207: (0, 0), 53221: (255, 127), 53235: (0, 4), 53249: (0, 1), 53263: (0, 0), 53277: (0, 127), 53291: (0, 5), 53305: (1, 2), 53319: (2, 0), 53333: (2, 127), 53347: (2, 4), 53361: (2, 1), 53375: (2, 1), 53389: (2, 1), 53403: (1, 4), 53417: (1, 2), 53431: (0, 0), 53445: (0, 0), 53459: (0, 4), 53473: (0, 2), 53487: (0, 0), 53501: (1, 1), 53515: (1, 3), 53529: (0, 3), 53543: (0, 1), 53557: (0, 1), 53571: (0, 4), 53585: (1, 4), 53599: (1, 2), 53613: (0, 1), 53627: (0, 5), 53641: (1, 3), 53655: (1, 1), 53669: (0, 1), 53683: (0, 6), 53697: (1, 2), 53711: (1, 0), 53725: (1, 126), 53739: (1, 1), 53753: (2, 125), 53767: (1, 124), 53781: (1, 124), 53795: (1, 3), 53809: (1, 126), 53823: (1, 126), 53837: (0, 126), 53851: (1, 4), 53865: (1, 0), 53879: (0, 0), 53893: (255, 0), 53907: (1, 5), 53921: (2, 1), 53935: (0, 0), 53949: (255, 0), 53963: (1, 4), 53977: (1, 1), 53991: (0, 0), 54005: (1, 2), 54019: (1, 3), 54033: (255, 0), 54047: (0, 0), 54061: (1, 2), 54075: (1, 3), 54089: (1, 0), 54103: (2, 127), 54117: (2, 3), 54131: (1, 1), 54145: (1, 1), 54159: (1, 0), 54173: (1, 5), 54187: (1, 2), 54201: (0, 0), 54215: (0, 1), 54229: (0, 6), 54243: (0, 1), 54257: (1, 1), 54271: (2, 2), 54285: (0, 6), 54299: (0, 1), 54313: (0, 0), 54327: (1, 1), 54341: (1, 5), 54355: (0, 0), 54369: (0, 1), 54383: (1, 3), 54397: (1, 3), 54411: (0, 2), 54425: (1, 2), 54439: (1, 6), 54453: (1, 3), 54467: (1, 1), 54481: (0, 1), 54495: (0, 5), 54509: (1, 3), 54523: (1, 2), 54537: (0, 1), 54551: (255, 7), 54565: (0, 2), 54579: (1, 2), 54593: (1, 1), 54607: (0, 7), 54621: (255, 2), 54635: (255, 1), 54649: (0, 3), 54663: (1, 4), 54677: (0, 1), 54691: (0, 1), 54705: (255, 4), 54719: (0, 2), 54733: (0, 0), 54747: (0, 0), 54761: (0, 6), 54775: (0, 1), 54789: (0, 0), 54803: (255, 0), 54817: (0, 6), 54831: (1, 1), 54845: (1, 1), 54859: (1, 2), 54873: (1, 7), 54887: (0, 1), 54901: (0, 1), 54915: (1, 3), 54929: (2, 4), 54943: (2, 1), 54957: (1, 0), 54971: (1, 3), 54985: (2, 3), 54999: (1, 2), 55013: (1, 1), 55027: (1, 7), 55041: (2, 3), 55055: (0, 1), 55069: (0, 1), 55083: (1, 8), 55097: (1, 2), 55111: (1, 2), 55125: (1, 1), 55139: (0, 5), 55153: (255, 0), 55167: (0, 0), 55181: (0, 2), 55195: (1, 4), 55209: (0, 0), 55223: (255, 127), 55237: (255, 4), 55251: (1, 2), 55265: (1, 1), 55279: (0, 0), 55293: (0, 6), 55307: (0, 1), 55321: (0, 0), 55335: (255, 0), 55349: (0, 7), 55363: (0, 1), 55377: (255, 0), 55391: (255, 0), 55405: (255, 6), 55419: (255, 0), 55433: (0, 0), 55447: (0, 0), 55461: (0, 6), 55475: (255, 0), 55489: (254, 127), 55503: (255, 0), 55517: (0, 6), 55531: (0, 0), 55545: (1, 0), 55559: (1, 127), 55573: (1, 127), 55587: (1, 4), 55601: (2, 2), 55615: (1, 1), 55629: (1, 0), 55643: (0, 5), 55657: (0, 2), 55671: (0, 1), 55685: (0, 1), 55699: (1, 4), 55713: (1, 3), 55727: (0, 1), 55741: (0, 1), 55755: (0, 2), 55769: (1, 6), 55783: (1, 2), 55797: (1, 1), 55811: (0, 0), 55825: (0, 6), 55839: (1, 0), 55853: (1, 1), 55867: (1, 1), 55881: (0, 6), 55895: (0, 2), 55909: (0, 0), 55923: (0, 0), 55937: (255, 5), 55951: (0, 0), 55965: (0, 1), 55979: (1, 2), 55993: (0, 8), 56007: (0, 2), 56021: (0, 1), 56035: (0, 0), 56049: (1, 5), 56063: (1, 0), 56077: (0, 127), 56091: (1, 127), 56105: (2, 3), 56119: (2, 127), 56133: (2, 126), 56147: (1, 127), 56161: (1, 127), 56175: (2, 125), 56189: (2, 125), 56203: (1, 0), 56217: (1, 1), 56231: (0, 127), 56245: (1, 0), 56259: (2, 2), 56273: (1, 2), 56287: (1, 127), 56301: (1, 127), 56315: (2, 3), 56329: (0, 1), 56343: (0, 0), 56357: (1, 1), 56371: (0, 3), 56385: (1, 3), 56399: (0, 1), 56413: (0, 1), 56427: (0, 3), 56441: (0, 2), 56455: (1, 0), 56469: (0, 127), 56483: (255, 2), 56497: (0, 1), 56511: (1, 0), 56525: (1, 0), 56539: (0, 2), 56553: (0, 2), 56567: (1, 2), 56581: (0, 1), 56595: (0, 4), 56609: (0, 3), 56623: (0, 1), 56637: (0, 0), 56651: (0, 2), 56665: (0, 3), 56679: (0, 1), 56693: (0, 0), 56707: (1, 0), 56721: (1, 1), 56735: (0, 126), 56749: (0, 127), 56763: (0, 127), 56777: (1, 3), 56791: (1, 1), 56805: (1, 0), 56819: (1, 0), 56833: (2, 3), 56847: (2, 0), 56861: (2, 127), 56875: (2, 2), 56889: (1, 3), 56903: (1, 0), 56917: (1, 0), 56931: (0, 3), 56945: (0, 3), 56959: (0, 1), 56973: (0, 0), 56987: (1, 4), 57001: (0, 2), 57015: (255, 0), 57029: (0, 0), 57043: (1, 4), 57057: (1, 2), 57071: (255, 0), 57085: (255, 0), 57099: (255, 3), 57113: (0, 2), 57127: (0, 0), 57141: (255, 0), 57155: (0, 4), 57169: (2, 2), 57183: (1, 0), 57197: (1, 0), 57211: (0, 4), 57225: (1, 1), 57239: (0, 1), 57253: (0, 1), 57267: (0, 4), 57281: (0, 2), 57295: (0, 2), 57309: (0, 1), 57323: (0, 5), 57337: (0, 2), 57351: (0, 2), 57365: (0, 1), 57379: (0, 6), 57393: (0, 3), 57407: (255, 1), 57421: (0, 1), 57435: (0, 4), 57449: (1, 3), 57463: (1, 1), 57477: (1, 0), 57491: (1, 4), 57505: (1, 2), 57519: (1, 1), 57533: (0, 127), 57547: (0, 4), 57561: (1, 1), 57575: (1, 0), 57589: (1, 0), 57603: (0, 3), 57617: (0, 1), 57631: (0, 0), 57645: (0, 0), 57659: (0, 4), 57673: (255, 2), 57687: (255, 0), 57701: (0, 0), 57715: (0, 2), 57729: (0, 2), 57743: (255, 0), 57757: (0, 0), 57771: (255, 0), 57785: (0, 4), 57799: (0, 1), 57813: (0, 0), 57827: (0, 1), 57841: (0, 5), 57855: (1, 1), 57869: (1, 0), 57883: (255, 127), 57897: (255, 6), 57911: (1, 2), 57925: (1, 1), 57939: (255, 0), 57953: (0, 6), 57967: (2, 1), 57981: (2, 1), 57995: (0, 0), 58009: (0, 5), 58023: (1, 1), 58037: (1, 0), 58051: (1, 0), 58065: (0, 6), 58079: (0, 1), 58093: (1, 0), 58107: (2, 127), 58121: (1, 4), 58135: (1, 0), 58149: (1, 127), 58163: (1, 127), 58177: (2, 1), 58191: (1, 0), 58205: (0, 127), 58219: (0, 0), 58233: (255, 127), 58247: (0, 4), 58261: (255, 0), 58275: (255, 127), 58289: (0, 0), 58303: (1, 6), 58317: (1, 0), 58331: (0, 0), 58345: (1, 127), 58359: (1, 6), 58373: (1, 1), 58387: (1, 0), 58401: (1, 1), 58415: (0, 6), 58429: (255, 1), 58443: (0, 1), 58457: (1, 1), 58471: (1, 7), 58485: (0, 1), 58499: (0, 1), 58513: (0, 0), 58527: (0, 7), 58541: (0, 2), 58555: (0, 1), 58569: (0, 1), 58583: (0, 6), 58597: (255, 1), 58611: (255, 0), 58625: (0, 0), 58639: (1, 6), 58653: (1, 2), 58667: (0, 1), 58681: (255, 0), 58695: (255, 4), 58709: (0, 1), 58723: (0, 0), 58737: (0, 0), 58751: (0, 2), 58765: (255, 1), 58779: (0, 127), 58793: (1, 127), 58807: (2, 1), 58821: (2, 1), 58835: (3, 2), 58849: (2, 0), 58863: (2, 2), 58877: (1, 3), 58891: (1, 0), 58905: (1, 1), 58919: (2, 1), 58933: (1, 5), 58947: (0, 1), 58961: (0, 1), 58975: (1, 0), 58989: (2, 7), 59003: (1, 2), 59017: (0, 1), 59031: (0, 1), 59045: (0, 6), 59059: (1, 2), 59073: (1, 1), 59087: (1, 0), 59101: (1, 4), 59115: (1, 1), 59129: (0, 0), 59143: (0, 0), 59157: (1, 5), 59171: (1, 3), 59185: (1, 2), 59199: (0, 1), 59213: (0, 3), 59227: (1, 2), 59241: (1, 1), 59255: (2, 1), 59269: (1, 3), 59283: (0, 2), 59297: (0, 1), 59311: (1, 1), 59325: (1, 3), 59339: (1, 3), 59353: (0, 1), 59367: (0, 1), 59381: (0, 1), 59395: (1, 5), 59409: (2, 3), 59423: (2, 2), 59437: (2, 1), 59451: (1, 5), 59465: (1, 1), 59479: (1, 0), 59493: (1, 0), 59507: (1, 6), 59521: (1, 1), 59535: (0, 1), 59549: (0, 1), 59563: (1, 5), 59577: (1, 1), 59591: (1, 1), 59605: (0, 0), 59619: (0, 3), 59633: (0, 0), 59647: (1, 0), 59661: (0, 1), 59675: (0, 2), 59689: (0, 0), 59703: (0, 0), 59717: (0, 3), 59731: (0, 2), 59745: (0, 0), 59759: (255, 127), 59773: (255, 3), 59787: (0, 1), 59801: (0, 1), 59815: (0, 1), 59829: (0, 6), 59843: (0, 2), 59857: (0, 0), 59871: (255, 0), 59885: (255, 4), 59899: (1, 1), 59913: (1, 0), 59927: (0, 127), 59941: (255, 2), 59955: (0, 3), 59969: (0, 1), 59983: (1, 1), 59997: (1, 0), 60011: (0, 5), 60025: (0, 1), 60039: (0, 1), 60053: (0, 0), 60067: (1, 6), 60081: (0, 1), 60095: (0, 0), 60109: (0, 1), 60123: (0, 7), 60137: (0, 0), 60151: (1, 127), 60165: (2, 127), 60179: (1, 4), 60193: (1, 0), 60207: (1, 127), 60221: (2, 125), 60235: (3, 127), 60249: (4, 126), 60263: (2, 126), 60277: (0, 126), 60291: (0, 126), 60305: (1, 5), 60319: (2, 0), 60333: (2, 0), 60347: (2, 0), 60361: (0, 5), 60375: (2, 1), 60389: (2, 0), 60403: (2, 0), 60417: (1, 4), 60431: (1, 1), 60445: (1, 0), 60459: (0, 127), 60473: (0, 2), 60487: (0, 1), 60501: (1, 127), 60515: (2, 0), 60529: (1, 126), 60543: (2, 2), 60557: (2, 127), 60571: (2, 1), 60585: (3, 1), 60599: (2, 4), 60613: (1, 127), 60627: (0, 127), 60641: (1, 0), 60655: (1, 6), 60669: (1, 1), 60683: (0, 0), 60697: (0, 0), 60711: (1, 6), 60725: (0, 1), 60739: (0, 1), 60753: (0, 1), 60767: (1, 6), 60781: (1, 2), 60795: (1, 2), 60809: (0, 1), 60823: (1, 5), 60837: (1, 1), 60851: (1, 1), 60865: (0, 1), 60879: (0, 4), 60893: (0, 1), 60907: (0, 0), 60921: (0, 0), 60935: (0, 4), 60949: (0, 0), 60963: (1, 1), 60977: (1, 1), 60991: (0, 3), 61005: (0, 0), 61019: (0, 0), 61033: (0, 3), 61047: (0, 1), 61061: (0, 0), 61075: (0, 127), 61089: (0, 4), 61103: (0, 0), 61117: (1, 0), 61131: (0, 127), 61145: (255, 5), 61159: (0, 2), 61173: (1, 1), 61187: (0, 1), 61201: (0, 7), 61215: (0, 1), 61229: (2, 0), 61243: (2, 0), 61257: (2, 7), 61271: (2, 2), 61285: (1, 1), 61299: (1, 1), 61313: (1, 6), 61327: (1, 1), 61341: (1, 1), 61355: (0, 0), 61369: (1, 7), 61383: (2, 1), 61397: (1, 1), 61411: (1, 1), 61425: (0, 7), 61439: (1, 2), 61453: (1, 1), 61467: (0, 0), 61481: (0, 7), 61495: (2, 3), 61509: (2, 1), 61523: (1, 0), 61537: (0, 6), 61551: (1, 2), 61565: (1, 2), 61579: (2, 1), 61593: (1, 7), 61607: (0, 2), 61621: (0, 1), 61635: (0, 1), 61649: (1, 7), 61663: (1, 2), 61677: (0, 0), 61691: (0, 0), 61705: (0, 6), 61719: (255, 1), 61733: (0, 1), 61747: (0, 0), 61761: (0, 6), 61775: (0, 1), 61789: (1, 1), 61803: (1, 127), 61817: (1, 5), 61831: (2, 1), 61845: (3, 1), 61859: (2, 1), 61873: (1, 6), 61887: (0, 1), 61901: (1, 1), 61915: (1, 0), 61929: (0, 6), 61943: (0, 1), 61957: (0, 1), 61971: (0, 0), 61985: (0, 6), 61999: (0, 1), 62013: (1, 0), 62027: (1, 1), 62041: (1, 6), 62055: (0, 1), 62069: (0, 1), 62083: (0, 0), 62097: (1, 6), 62111: (1, 2), 62125: (1, 1), 62139: (0, 1), 62153: (0, 6), 62167: (0, 1), 62181: (1, 1), 62195: (1, 1), 62209: (1, 7), 62223: (0, 1), 62237: (1, 127), 62251: (1, 0), 62265: (1, 6), 62279: (2, 2), 62293: (1, 0), 62307: (2, 1), 62321: (1, 6), 62335: (2, 1), 62349: (4, 124), 62363: (2, 0), 62377: (2, 4), 62391: (1, 1), 62405: (0, 0), 62419: (0, 127), 62433: (0, 5), 62447: (1, 0), 62461: (1, 1), 62475: (255, 127), 62489: (255, 5), 62503: (0, 0), 62517: (0, 0), 62531: (0, 0), 62545: (0, 5), 62559: (0, 0), 62573: (0, 0), 62587: (0, 0), 62601: (0, 5), 62615: (0, 0), 62629: (0, 0), 62643: (0, 127), 62657: (255, 5), 62671: (255, 127), 62685: (255, 127), 62699: (0, 127), 62713: (0, 5), 62727: (255, 127), 62741: (0, 0), 62755: (0, 127), 62769: (1, 3), 62783: (2, 1), 62797: (2, 0), 62811: (1, 0), 62825: (1, 1), 62839: (1, 5), 62853: (2, 1), 62867: (1, 1), 62881: (0, 127), 62895: (0, 5), 62909: (0, 0), 62923: (0, 0), 62937: (0, 1), 62951: (1, 3), 62965: (1, 2), 62979: (0, 1), 62993: (0, 0), 63007: (0, 0), 63021: (0, 5), 63035: (1, 1), 63049: (1, 1), 63063: (0, 0), 63077: (0, 4), 63091: (0, 0), 63105: (0, 0), 63119: (1, 1), 63133: (0, 5), 63147: (0, 2), 63161: (0, 0), 63175: (1, 127), 63189: (1, 127), 63203: (1, 1), 63217: (1, 125), 63231: (1, 126), 63245: (1, 127), 63259: (1, 3), 63273: (1, 126), 63287: (1, 125), 63301: (1, 125), 63315: (1, 4), 63329: (1, 127), 63343: (0, 127), 63357: (0, 127), 63371: (1, 3), 63385: (2, 125), 63399: (1, 123), 63413: (1, 123), 63427: (2, 1), 63441: (1, 125), 63455: (1, 125), 63469: (1, 126), 63483: (1, 3), 63497: (1, 127), 63511: (1, 126), 63525: (1, 127), 63539: (0, 4), 63553: (0, 1), 63567: (0, 1), 63581: (1, 0), 63595: (1, 1), 63609: (1, 2), 63623: (0, 0), 63637: (1, 1), 63651: (1, 1), 63665: (0, 5), 63679: (0, 1), 63693: (1, 1), 63707: (2, 1), 63721: (2, 3), 63735: (1, 127), 63749: (2, 126), 63763: (2, 126), 63777: (2, 0), 63791: (3, 125), 63805: (3, 124), 63819: (1, 125), 63833: (0, 3), 63847: (1, 127), 63861: (1, 127), 63875: (0, 127), 63889: (0, 3), 63903: (1, 0), 63917: (1, 0), 63931: (0, 0), 63945: (0, 4), 63959: (0, 1), 63973: (1, 0), 63987: (0, 0), 64001: (0, 3), 64015: (255, 0), 64029: (0, 127), 64043: (1, 0), 64057: (1, 3), 64071: (0, 0), 64085: (255, 127), 64099: (255, 0), 64113: (0, 3), 64127: (1, 0), 64141: (0, 0), 64155: (0, 0), 64169: (0, 4), 64183: (255, 0), 64197: (255, 127), 64211: (255, 127), 64225: (0, 5), 64239: (1, 1), 64253: (1, 127), 64267: (0, 126), 64281: (0, 127), 64295: (0, 4), 64309: (0, 0), 64323: (0, 0), 64337: (255, 0), 64351: (0, 6), 64365: (0, 2), 64379: (0, 0), 64393: (1, 0), 64407: (0, 2), 64421: (0, 1), 64435: (0, 1), 64449: (0, 0), 64463: (0, 0), 64477: (0, 6), 64491: (1, 1), 64505: (1, 1), 64519: (0, 1), 64533: (255, 6), 64547: (0, 1), 64561: (0, 0), 64575: (0, 1), 64589: (0, 5), 64603: (0, 1), 64617: (0, 0), 64631: (0, 0), 64645: (0, 1), 64659: (0, 4), 64673: (0, 1), 64687: (0, 0), 64701: (1, 0), 64715: (1, 5), 64729: (2, 2), 64743: (2, 2), 64757: (0, 0), 64771: (0, 5), 64785: (1, 3), 64799: (0, 1), 64813: (255, 0), 64827: (255, 3), 64841: (1, 3), 64855: (0, 1), 64869: (0, 1), 64883: (0, 0), 64897: (0, 3), 64911: (0, 0), 64925: (255, 0), 64939: (254, 127), 64953: (0, 4), 64967: (0, 0), 64981: (255, 0), 64995: (254, 127), 65009: (255, 5), 65023: (255, 0), 65037: (0, 0), 65051: (0, 0), 65065: (0, 5), 65079: (254, 0), 65093: (254, 0), 65107: (255, 127), 65121: (0, 5), 65135: (255, 0), 65149: (255, 127), 65163: (254, 127), 65177: (255, 5), 65191: (255, 1), 65205: (255, 0), 65219: (255, 1), 65233: (0, 5), 65247: (0, 3), 65261: (255, 0), 65275: (254, 0), 65289: (255, 3), 65303: (1, 3), 65317: (1, 3), 65331: (255, 1), 65345: (254, 1), 65359: (255, 4), 65373: (0, 2), 65387: (0, 1), 65401: (255, 1), 65415: (0, 7), 65429: (255, 1), 65443: (0, 1), 65457: (0, 0), 65471: (0, 6), 65485: (1, 1), 65499: (1, 1), 65513: (1, 1), 65527: (0, 7), 65541: (1, 2), 65555: (1, 1), 65569: (2, 1), 65583: (0, 6), 65597: (0, 2), 65611: (255, 0), 65625: (0, 0), 65639: (1, 6), 65653: (1, 1), 65667: (0, 0), 65681: (255, 127), 65695: (0, 5), 65709: (1, 1), 65723: (1, 0), 65737: (1, 0), 65751: (1, 5), 65765: (1, 127), 65779: (1, 127), 65793: (1, 126), 65807: (1, 3), 65821: (1, 1), 65835: (1, 0), 65849: (1, 1), 65863: (0, 4), 65877: (255, 0), 65891: (0, 1), 65905: (1, 2), 65919: (1, 4), 65933: (0, 1), 65947: (0, 0), 65961: (0, 2), 65975: (1, 4), 65989: (2, 0), 66003: (1, 127), 66017: (0, 2), 66031: (0, 0), 66045: (1, 127), 66059: (1, 126), 66073: (1, 127), 66087: (0, 3), 66101: (0, 0), 66115: (0, 0), 66129: (0, 1), 66143: (1, 3), 66157: (1, 0), 66171: (1, 0), 66185: (0, 1), 66199: (255, 2), 66213: (255, 0), 66227: (0, 127), 66241: (0, 0), 66255: (0, 3), 66269: (255, 127), 66283: (254, 127), 66297: (0, 0), 66311: (0, 6), 66325: (0, 1), 66339: (255, 0), 66353: (255, 0), 66367: (0, 3), 66381: (0, 1), 66395: (0, 0), 66409: (0, 0), 66423: (0, 127), 66437: (0, 5), 66451: (0, 1), 66465: (1, 1), 66479: (1, 0), 66493: (1, 127), 66507: (2, 5), 66521: (2, 1), 66535: (1, 1), 66549: (0, 0), 66563: (0, 5), 66577: (1, 2), 66591: (1, 0), 66605: (0, 0), 66619: (0, 1), 66633: (1, 4), 66647: (1, 1), 66661: (1, 1), 66675: (1, 0), 66689: (1, 7), 66703: (2, 1), 66717: (2, 1), 66731: (1, 0), 66745: (0, 5), 66759: (1, 2), 66773: (1, 0), 66787: (1, 0), 66801: (0, 3), 66815: (1, 2), 66829: (3, 1), 66843: (3, 0), 66857: (2, 0), 66871: (1, 1), 66885: (2, 0), 66899: (2, 127), 66913: (2, 127), 66927: (1, 3), 66941: (0, 0), 66955: (0, 127), 66969: (0, 127), 66983: (1, 5), 66997: (1, 0), 67011: (0, 0), 67025: (0, 0), 67039: (1, 5), 67053: (1, 127), 67067: (1, 126), 67081: (1, 125), 67095: (1, 127), 67109: (1, 2), 67123: (0, 127), 67137: (0, 127), 67151: (1, 2), 67165: (1, 2), 67179: (1, 127), 67193: (0, 127), 67207: (0, 0), 67221: (1, 2), 67235: (1, 0), 67249: (1, 127), 67263: (0, 1), 67277: (0, 1), 67291: (255, 127), 67305: (0, 127), 67319: (0, 0), 67333: (0, 1), 67347: (0, 127), 67361: (255, 126), 67375: (0, 0), 67389: (2, 1), 67403: (1, 0), 67417: (1, 0), 67431: (0, 0), 67445: (0, 6), 67459: (0, 1), 67473: (0, 0), 67487: (0, 0), 67501: (0, 0), 67515: (0, 4), 67529: (0, 0), 67543: (0, 127), 67557: (0, 127), 67571: (0, 5), 67585: (1, 0), 67599: (1, 127), 67613: (1, 126), 67627: (1, 0), 67641: (1, 0), 67655: (1, 126), 67669: (1, 126), 67683: (1, 126), 67697: (1, 4), 67711: (0, 127), 67725: (0, 127), 67739: (0, 127), 67753: (0, 2), 67767: (1, 1), 67781: (1, 0), 67795: (0, 127), 67809: (0, 126), 67823: (0, 4), 67837: (1, 0), 67851: (1, 126), 67865: (1, 126), 67879: (0, 2), 67893: (1, 127), 67907: (1, 126), 67921: (1, 126), 67935: (0, 126), 67949: (0, 4), 67963: (1, 0), 67977: (0, 127), 67991: (0, 127), 68005: (0, 4), 68019: (1, 1), 68033: (2, 0), 68047: (2, 127), 68061: (2, 1), 68075: (1, 0), 68089: (1, 127), 68103: (1, 0), 68117: (1, 1), 68131: (1, 3), 68145: (1, 0), 68159: (2, 0), 68173: (2, 0), 68187: (0, 5), 68201: (0, 1), 68215: (1, 0), 68229: (1, 127), 68243: (1, 4), 68257: (1, 2), 68271: (1, 0), 68285: (1, 0), 68299: (1, 2), 68313: (1, 3), 68327: (1, 1), 68341: (1, 0), 68355: (1, 0), 68369: (1, 5), 68383: (1, 0), 68397: (0, 126), 68411: (0, 127), 68425: (0, 5), 68439: (1, 0), 68453: (0, 0), 68467: (255, 127), 68481: (0, 4), 68495: (1, 2), 68509: (0, 1), 68523: (0, 0), 68537: (0, 3), 68551: (0, 2), 68565: (0, 0), 68579: (1, 0), 68593: (0, 0), 68607: (0, 5), 68621: (0, 1), 68635: (0, 1), 68649: (1, 0), 68663: (0, 6), 68677: (0, 1), 68691: (0, 0), 68705: (1, 1), 68719: (0, 5), 68733: (0, 1), 68747: (0, 0), 68761: (1, 0), 68775: (1, 4), 68789: (0, 1), 68803: (0, 0), 68817: (1, 0), 68831: (2, 3), 68845: (2, 3), 68859: (3, 1), 68873: (2, 2), 68887: (1, 4), 68901: (2, 3), 68915: (2, 1), 68929: (2, 1), 68943: (2, 2), 68957: (2, 4), 68971: (2, 1), 68985: (2, 1), 68999: (2, 0), 69013: (2, 6), 69027: (3, 1), 69041: (3, 1), 69055: (2, 0), 69069: (1, 6), 69083: (1, 1), 69097: (2, 1), 69111: (2, 1), 69125: (2, 5), 69139: (2, 1), 69153: (2, 0), 69167: (2, 0), 69181: (3, 4), 69195: (3, 3), 69209: (2, 1), 69223: (1, 0), 69237: (2, 0), 69251: (1, 5), 69265: (1, 0), 69279: (0, 0), 69293: (1, 1), 69307: (1, 2), 69321: (1, 2), 69335: (0, 1), 69349: (1, 0), 69363: (1, 0), 69377: (1, 5), 69391: (0, 127), 69405: (255, 127), 69419: (0, 127), 69433: (0, 5), 69447: (1, 1), 69461: (0, 0), 69475: (255, 127), 69489: (255, 4), 69503: (0, 0), 69517: (0, 127), 69531: (0, 127), 69545: (255, 4), 69559: (0, 0), 69573: (255, 0), 69587: (255, 127), 69601: (255, 3), 69615: (0, 0), 69629: (0, 0), 69643: (255, 127), 69657: (254, 1), 69671: (255, 2), 69685: (255, 127), 69699: (0, 0), 69713: (0, 127), 69727: (255, 2), 69741: (254, 0), 69755: (255, 0), 69769: (0, 127), 69783: (0, 127), 69797: (255, 3), 69811: (0, 1), 69825: (0, 1), 69839: (0, 0), 69853: (0, 127), 69867: (0, 2), 69881: (1, 2), 69895: (0, 1), 69909: (255, 0), 69923: (0, 0), 69937: (0, 3), 69951: (1, 2), 69965: (0, 1), 69979: (255, 0), 69993: (255, 0), 70007: (0, 5), 70021: (0, 1), 70035: (1, 1), 70049: (0, 0), 70063: (0, 1), 70077: (0, 4), 70091: (0, 0), 70105: (0, 0), 70119: (0, 127), 70133: (255, 0), 70147: (0, 6), 70161: (0, 2), 70175: (0, 2), 70189: (0, 0), 70203: (0, 4), 70217: (1, 2), 70231: (0, 1), 70245: (0, 1), 70259: (0, 3), 70273: (1, 3), 70287: (1, 1), 70301: (0, 1), 70315: (0, 3), 70329: (0, 3), 70343: (0, 1), 70357: (0, 1), 70371: (1, 3), 70385: (1, 4), 70399: (0, 2), 70413: (255, 0), 70427: (0, 3), 70441: (1, 3), 70455: (0, 2), 70469: (0, 1), 70483: (0, 5), 70497: (0, 2), 70511: (0, 1), 70525: (0, 0), 70539: (0, 5), 70553: (0, 1), 70567: (0, 0), 70581: (255, 127), 70595: (255, 5), 70609: (255, 0), 70623: (0, 0), 70637: (0, 2), 70651: (255, 2), 70665: (255, 0), 70679: (255, 127), 70693: (0, 5), 70707: (0, 1), 70721: (0, 1), 70735: (0, 0), 70749: (0, 5), 70763: (1, 0), 70777: (2, 0), 70791: (2, 0), 70805: (0, 5), 70819: (1, 3), 70833: (1, 1), 70847: (1, 2), 70861: (1, 4), 70875: (1, 1), 70889: (0, 0), 70903: (0, 0), 70917: (0, 4), 70931: (0, 2), 70945: (0, 1), 70959: (0, 1), 70973: (0, 4), 70987: (0, 2), 71001: (0, 1), 71015: (0, 1), 71029: (0, 5), 71043: (0, 2), 71057: (0, 1), 71071: (0, 1), 71085: (0, 4), 71099: (0, 2), 71113: (0, 1), 71127: (0, 1), 71141: (0, 2), 71155: (0, 3), 71169: (0, 1), 71183: (1, 0), 71197: (0, 0), 71211: (0, 4), 71225: (1, 0), 71239: (1, 126), 71253: (1, 125), 71267: (0, 1), 71281: (0, 125), 71295: (1, 126), 71309: (1, 127), 71323: (255, 5), 71337: (0, 0), 71351: (0, 127), 71365: (1, 127), 71379: (0, 5), 71393: (0, 0), 71407: (1, 0), 71421: (1, 0), 71435: (0, 4), 71449: (1, 0), 71463: (1, 127), 71477: (1, 127), 71491: (0, 3), 71505: (1, 1), 71519: (1, 127), 71533: (1, 127), 71547: (1, 1), 71561: (1, 3), 71575: (1, 0), 71589: (0, 127), 71603: (0, 0), 71617: (2, 3), 71631: (1, 0), 71645: (0, 127), 71659: (0, 127), 71673: (0, 4), 71687: (1, 0), 71701: (0, 0), 71715: (1, 0), 71729: (0, 5), 71743: (0, 1), 71757: (1, 0), 71771: (1, 0), 71785: (1, 5), 71799: (1, 0), 71813: (0, 127), 71827: (0, 127), 71841: (1, 5), 71855: (1, 1), 71869: (1, 127), 71883: (1, 127), 71897: (1, 4), 71911: (1, 0), 71925: (0, 127), 71939: (0, 127), 71953: (0, 3), 71967: (0, 1), 71981: (0, 127), 71995: (255, 127), 72009: (0, 3), 72023: (0, 1), 72037: (0, 0), 72051: (0, 0), 72065: (255, 1), 72079: (0, 4), 72093: (0, 1), 72107: (0, 0), 72121: (0, 0), 72135: (0, 6), 72149: (0, 0), 72163: (0, 1), 72177: (0, 0), 72191: (255, 5), 72205: (1, 1), 72219: (1, 1), 72233: (0, 0), 72247: (0, 3), 72261: (0, 2), 72275: (0, 1), 72289: (0, 0), 72303: (0, 126), 72317: (1, 4), 72331: (0, 0), 72345: (0, 0), 72359: (0, 0), 72373: (0, 4), 72387: (1, 3), 72401: (0, 0), 72415: (0, 0), 72429: (0, 2), 72443: (0, 4), 72457: (0, 1), 72471: (0, 1), 72485: (1, 1), 72499: (0, 7), 72513: (0, 1), 72527: (255, 0), 72541: (255, 127), 72555: (0, 5), 72569: (1, 2), 72583: (1, 2), 72597: (0, 0), 72611: (255, 3), 72625: (0, 3), 72639: (0, 1), 72653: (0, 1), 72667: (0, 0), 72681: (255, 5), 72695: (255, 0), 72709: (0, 127), 72723: (0, 127), 72737: (255, 5), 72751: (0, 0), 72765: (255, 0), 72779: (255, 127), 72793: (255, 5), 72807: (255, 0), 72821: (0, 0), 72835: (0, 127), 72849: (254, 4), 72863: (254, 0), 72877: (255, 127), 72891: (0, 0), 72905: (0, 1), 72919: (0, 3), 72933: (255, 127), 72947: (255, 127), 72961: (0, 127), 72975: (0, 4), 72989: (0, 1), 73003: (255, 0), 73017: (255, 0), 73031: (255, 0), 73045: (255, 5), 73059: (255, 1), 73073: (0, 0), 73087: (0, 0), 73101: (0, 1), 73115: (0, 6), 73129: (255, 1), 73143: (0, 1), 73157: (0, 1), 73171: (0, 2), 73185: (0, 3), 73199: (255, 1), 73213: (255, 1), 73227: (0, 1), 73241: (0, 6), 73255: (0, 2), 73269: (255, 1), 73283: (255, 1), 73297: (0, 1), 73311: (0, 7), 73325: (0, 1), 73339: (0, 2), 73353: (0, 1), 73367: (0, 3), 73381: (0, 3), 73395: (0, 0), 73409: (0, 127), 73423: (1, 0), 73437: (1, 4), 73451: (0, 1), 73465: (255, 1), 73479: (255, 1), 73493: (0, 4), 73507: (1, 3), 73521: (0, 1), 73535: (255, 1), 73549: (255, 3), 73563: (0, 3), 73577: (0, 2), 73591: (0, 1), 73605: (0, 2), 73619: (255, 4), 73633: (0, 2), 73647: (0, 1), 73661: (0, 1), 73675: (0, 5), 73689: (0, 1), 73703: (255, 0), 73717: (255, 0), 73731: (0, 4), 73745: (255, 0), 73759: (0, 0), 73773: (255, 0), 73787: (255, 5), 73801: (255, 0), 73815: (0, 0), 73829: (0, 0), 73843: (0, 5), 73857: (255, 0), 73871: (255, 127), 73885: (0, 127), 73899: (0, 5), 73913: (255, 0), 73927: (255, 0), 73941: (255, 0), 73955: (0, 3), 73969: (0, 1), 73983: (255, 0), 73997: (255, 127), 74011: (0, 4), 74025: (255, 0), 74039: (255, 0), 74053: (255, 127), 74067: (255, 6), 74081: (0, 2), 74095: (0, 1), 74109: (255, 0), 74123: (255, 5), 74137: (255, 1), 74151: (0, 1), 74165: (0, 0), 74179: (0, 1), 74193: (255, 4), 74207: (255, 1), 74221: (0, 1), 74235: (0, 1), 74249: (255, 6), 74263: (0, 3), 74277: (0, 2), 74291: (0, 1), 74305: (0, 2), 74319: (0, 4), 74333: (0, 1), 74347: (0, 2), 74361: (0, 2), 74375: (0, 6), 74389: (0, 2), 74403: (0, 2), 74417: (1, 1), 74431: (0, 6), 74445: (0, 2), 74459: (255, 1), 74473: (0, 1), 74487: (0, 2), 74501: (1, 5), 74515: (2, 1), 74529: (2, 2), 74543: (1, 1), 74557: (1, 5), 74571: (2, 2), 74585: (2, 1), 74599: (1, 1), 74613: (1, 6), 74627: (2, 2), 74641: (2, 2), 74655: (2, 1), 74669: (2, 6), 74683: (2, 1), 74697: (1, 0), 74711: (0, 0), 74725: (0, 6), 74739: (1, 1), 74753: (2, 1), 74767: (1, 127), 74781: (1, 5), 74795: (1, 127), 74809: (1, 0), 74823: (2, 0), 74837: (2, 5), 74851: (1, 0), 74865: (1, 127), 74879: (1, 127), 74893: (1, 4), 74907: (1, 0), 74921: (0, 127), 74935: (0, 1), 74949: (0, 3), 74963: (0, 0), 74977: (0, 0), 74991: (0, 1), 75005: (1, 2), 75019: (1, 2), 75033: (0, 0), 75047: (255, 2), 75061: (0, 2), 75075: (0, 1), 75089: (1, 1), 75103: (0, 0), 75117: (0, 4), 75131: (0, 0), 75145: (0, 1), 75159: (0, 1), 75173: (1, 4), 75187: (0, 1), 75201: (255, 0), 75215: (0, 1), 75229: (2, 5), 75243: (1, 2), 75257: (0, 1), 75271: (0, 2), 75285: (0, 4), 75299: (0, 1), 75313: (0, 0), 75327: (0, 0), 75341: (0, 4), 75355: (0, 0), 75369: (0, 0), 75383: (255, 0), 75397: (255, 4), 75411: (255, 0), 75425: (0, 0), 75439: (0, 127), 75453: (255, 4), 75467: (255, 0), 75481: (0, 0), 75495: (0, 0), 75509: (0, 5), 75523: (1, 2), 75537: (1, 0), 75551: (1, 1), 75565: (1, 7), 75579: (2, 3), 75593: (2, 1), 75607: (2, 1), 75621: (2, 5), 75635: (1, 0), 75649: (0, 127), 75663: (0, 0), 75677: (0, 3), 75691: (1, 3), 75705: (1, 1), 75719: (0, 1), 75733: (0, 0), 75747: (1, 6), 75761: (1, 0), 75775: (1, 0), 75789: (0, 0), 75803: (0, 5), 75817: (0, 1), 75831: (0, 1), 75845: (0, 1), 75859: (0, 3), 75873: (0, 3), 75887: (255, 1), 75901: (255, 1), 75915: (0, 3), 75929: (0, 3), 75943: (0, 1), 75957: (0, 1), 75971: (255, 1), 75985: (0, 5), 75999: (1, 0), 76013: (1, 127), 76027: (1, 127), 76041: (1, 3), 76055: (0, 126), 76069: (1, 126), 76083: (1, 127), 76097: (1, 5), 76111: (1, 0), 76125: (0, 127), 76139: (0, 127), 76153: (0, 5), 76167: (1, 0), 76181: (0, 0), 76195: (0, 0), 76209: (0, 6), 76223: (0, 0), 76237: (0, 0), 76251: (1, 0), 76265: (1, 5), 76279: (2, 1), 76293: (2, 1), 76307: (2, 1), 76321: (1, 6), 76335: (2, 0), 76349: (3, 2), 76363: (3, 1), 76377: (2, 7), 76391: (1, 1), 76405: (0, 0), 76419: (1, 0), 76433: (1, 4), 76447: (1, 1), 76461: (1, 0), 76475: (1, 2), 76489: (1, 3), 76503: (0, 0), 76517: (0, 127), 76531: (0, 4), 76545: (1, 1), 76559: (1, 0), 76573: (0, 127), 76587: (255, 5), 76601: (0, 0), 76615: (0, 0), 76629: (0, 0), 76643: (0, 5), 76657: (255, 127), 76671: (255, 127), 76685: (0, 1), 76699: (1, 3), 76713: (0, 0), 76727: (255, 127), 76741: (255, 2), 76755: (0, 1), 76769: (0, 127), 76783: (0, 1), 76797: (0, 3), 76811: (0, 3), 76825: (0, 1), 76839: (0, 1), 76853: (0, 1), 76867: (0, 4), 76881: (1, 2), 76895: (0, 1), 76909: (255, 0), 76923: (255, 6), 76937: (0, 2), 76951: (0, 0), 76965: (1, 0), 76979: (0, 6), 76993: (0, 1), 77007: (0, 2), 77021: (0, 1), 77035: (1, 4), 77049: (1, 3), 77063: (0, 1), 77077: (0, 1), 77091: (0, 2), 77105: (0, 4), 77119: (0, 1), 77133: (0, 1), 77147: (0, 0), 77161: (0, 5), 77175: (0, 1), 77189: (0, 0), 77203: (0, 1), 77217: (1, 7), 77231: (0, 2), 77245: (0, 1), 77259: (0, 1), 77273: (0, 6), 77287: (1, 2), 77301: (1, 0), 77315: (0, 0), 77329: (1, 3), 77343: (1, 126), 77357: (1, 126), 77371: (2, 125), 77385: (2, 126), 77399: (2, 123), 77413: (2, 123), 77427: (1, 127), 77441: (1, 0), 77455: (1, 127), 77469: (1, 127), 77483: (1, 4), 77497: (2, 0), 77511: (2, 127), 77525: (2, 127), 77539: (2, 6), 77553: (2, 1), 77567: (2, 0), 77581: (1, 0), 77595: (1, 5), 77609: (0, 0), 77623: (0, 127), 77637: (1, 127), 77651: (1, 4), 77665: (0, 127), 77679: (0, 127), 77693: (1, 2), 77707: (2, 1), 77721: (1, 126), 77735: (1, 125), 77749: (1, 2), 77763: (2, 0), 77777: (1, 127), 77791: (0, 126), 77805: (1, 4), 77819: (1, 127), 77833: (0, 126), 77847: (0, 127), 77861: (1, 4), 77875: (1, 0), 77889: (1, 0), 77903: (1, 3), 77917: (0, 2), 77931: (0, 0), 77945: (0, 127), 77959: (1, 5), 77973: (1, 2), 77987: (0, 1), 78001: (0, 127), 78015: (1, 5), 78029: (1, 1), 78043: (0, 0), 78057: (0, 0), 78071: (0, 5), 78085: (1, 127), 78099: (0, 127), 78113: (1, 0), 78127: (0, 7), 78141: (1, 1), 78155: (1, 1), 78169: (0, 0), 78183: (0, 6), 78197: (0, 1), 78211: (1, 1), 78225: (1, 2), 78239: (1, 5), 78253: (0, 0), 78267: (0, 0), 78281: (0, 3), 78295: (1, 3), 78309: (0, 0), 78323: (0, 1), 78337: (255, 3), 78351: (0, 1), 78365: (0, 0), 78379: (0, 127), 78393: (0, 4), 78407: (255, 0), 78421: (0, 127), 78435: (255, 127), 78449: (255, 5), 78463: (0, 0), 78477: (0, 127), 78491: (0, 127), 78505: (1, 4), 78519: (0, 127), 78533: (1, 127), 78547: (1, 1), 78561: (1, 4), 78575: (1, 1), 78589: (0, 0), 78603: (0, 3), 78617: (1, 3), 78631: (1, 1), 78645: (0, 0), 78659: (0, 4), 78673: (0, 2), 78687: (0, 1), 78701: (0, 0), 78715: (0, 4), 78729: (0, 1), 78743: (0, 1), 78757: (0, 1), 78771: (0, 5), 78785: (0, 1), 78799: (0, 0), 78813: (0, 0), 78827: (0, 6), 78841: (0, 1), 78855: (0, 1), 78869: (0, 0), 78883: (0, 4), 78897: (0, 1), 78911: (0, 0), 78925: (255, 127), 78939: (255, 4), 78953: (0, 0), 78967: (0, 0), 78981: (0, 0), 78995: (255, 5), 79009: (0, 0), 79023: (0, 0), 79037: (0, 127), 79051: (255, 5), 79065: (0, 0), 79079: (1, 1), 79093: (1, 127), 79107: (0, 5), 79121: (1, 2), 79135: (1, 1), 79149: (1, 0), 79163: (1, 7), 79177: (0, 0), 79191: (0, 0), 79205: (0, 0), 79219: (0, 6), 79233: (1, 2), 79247: (2, 2), 79261: (0, 0), 79275: (1, 7), 79289: (2, 1), 79303: (2, 127), 79317: (2, 0), 79331: (1, 4), 79345: (2, 2), 79359: (2, 1), 79373: (1, 0), 79387: (1, 4), 79401: (1, 1), 79415: (1, 0), 79429: (0, 0), 79443: (0, 4), 79457: (1, 2), 79471: (0, 0), 79485: (1, 1), 79499: (1, 6), 79513: (0, 1), 79527: (255, 127), 79541: (0, 127), 79555: (0, 5), 79569: (1, 0), 79583: (0, 127), 79597: (0, 127), 79611: (0, 5), 79625: (1, 0), 79639: (1, 127), 79653: (1, 127), 79667: (0, 2), 79681: (0, 127), 79695: (0, 127), 79709: (0, 1), 79723: (0, 1), 79737: (1, 0), 79751: (1, 0), 79765: (0, 3), 79779: (0, 2), 79793: (0, 0), 79807: (0, 0), 79821: (1, 5), 79835: (1, 2), 79849: (0, 0), 79863: (0, 127), 79877: (0, 5), 79891: (0, 0), 79905: (0, 126), 79919: (0, 127), 79933: (0, 6), 79947: (0, 1), 79961: (0, 0), 79975: (0, 127), 79989: (0, 3), 80003: (0, 0), 80017: (255, 126), 80031: (255, 126), 80045: (255, 126), 80059: (255, 4), 80073: (0, 0), 80087: (0, 127), 80101: (255, 127), 80115: (255, 127), 80129: (255, 3), 80143: (0, 0), 80157: (0, 0), 80171: (0, 0), 80185: (0, 127), 80199: (0, 3), 80213: (0, 2), 80227: (0, 0), 80241: (1, 0), 80255: (1, 1), 80269: (0, 6), 80283: (0, 2), 80297: (1, 1), 80311: (0, 0), 80325: (0, 1), 80339: (1, 1), 80353: (1, 0), 80367: (0, 127), 80381: (1, 0), 80395: (0, 4), 80409: (1, 0), 80423: (2, 1), 80437: (1, 0), 80451: (0, 0), 80465: (0, 2), 80479: (0, 0), 80493: (1, 0), 80507: (2, 1), 80521: (0, 5), 80535: (0, 1), 80549: (2, 1), 80563: (3, 2), 80577: (2, 2), 80591: (2, 1), 80605: (2, 126), 80619: (2, 126), 80633: (1, 126), 80647: (2, 4), 80661: (2, 126), 80675: (2, 127), 80689: (1, 0), 80703: (0, 4), 80717: (0, 0), 80731: (1, 127), 80745: (1, 127), 80759: (1, 4), 80773: (0, 127), 80787: (0, 126), 80801: (0, 126), 80815: (1, 2), 80829: (1, 127), 80843: (0, 126), 80857: (0, 125), 80871: (255, 2), 80885: (0, 127), 80899: (1, 126), 80913: (0, 125), 80927: (0, 4), 80941: (1, 0), 80955: (0, 127), 80969: (255, 126), 80983: (0, 3), 80997: (0, 0), 81011: (0, 127), 81025: (0, 127), 81039: (255, 3), 81053: (0, 0), 81067: (1, 127), 81081: (0, 126), 81095: (0, 0), 81109: (0, 3), 81123: (0, 0), 81137: (0, 127), 81151: (1, 0), 81165: (1, 5), 81179: (0, 0), 81193: (255, 127), 81207: (0, 127), 81221: (1, 1), 81235: (0, 2), 81249: (1, 1), 81263: (2, 0), 81277: (2, 127), 81291: (1, 6), 81305: (2, 0), 81319: (2, 1), 81333: (1, 0), 81347: (1, 4), 81361: (1, 2), 81375: (1, 1), 81389: (0, 0), 81403: (1, 0), 81417: (1, 4), 81431: (2, 1), 81445: (1, 0), 81459: (0, 127), 81473: (0, 4), 81487: (1, 1), 81501: (1, 127), 81515: (1, 126), 81529: (1, 0), 81543: (1, 1), 81557: (1, 127), 81571: (1, 127), 81585: (0, 126), 81599: (0, 1), 81613: (1, 127), 81627: (0, 126), 81641: (0, 126), 81655: (0, 4), 81669: (0, 0), 81683: (1, 0), 81697: (0, 0), 81711: (255, 4), 81725: (255, 127), 81739: (0, 127), 81753: (0, 127), 81767: (0, 2), 81781: (255, 0), 81795: (0, 127), 81809: (1, 127), 81823: (1, 0), 81837: (1, 2), 81851: (1, 1), 81865: (1, 0), 81879: (0, 0), 81893: (0, 5), 81907: (1, 1), 81921: (0, 0), 81935: (1, 1), 81949: (0, 4), 81963: (1, 1), 81977: (0, 1), 81991: (0, 0), 82005: (0, 0), 82019: (1, 5), 82033: (0, 0), 82047: (1, 1), 82061: (0, 0), 82075: (0, 5), 82089: (1, 0), 82103: (1, 2), 82117: (0, 0), 82131: (0, 3), 82145: (0, 1), 82159: (1, 1), 82173: (0, 0), 82187: (0, 0), 82201: (0, 4), 82215: (1, 1), 82229: (0, 0), 82243: (255, 0), 82257: (0, 5), 82271: (1, 1), 82285: (1, 0), 82299: (0, 0), 82313: (0, 3), 82327: (0, 1), 82341: (0, 0), 82355: (2, 1), 82369: (2, 3), 82383: (1, 2), 82397: (2, 0), 82411: (2, 127), 82425: (3, 1), 82439: (2, 2), 82453: (2, 0), 82467: (3, 0), 82481: (2, 1), 82495: (2, 3), 82509: (2, 127), 82523: (2, 127), 82537: (1, 0), 82551: (2, 4), 82565: (2, 1), 82579: (1, 0), 82593: (1, 2), 82607: (1, 4), 82621: (1, 1), 82635: (1, 1), 82649: (1, 3), 82663: (0, 2), 82677: (0, 0), 82691: (1, 1), 82705: (0, 4), 82719: (0, 1), 82733: (0, 0), 82747: (0, 0), 82761: (1, 4), 82775: (0, 1), 82789: (0, 0), 82803: (0, 127), 82817: (1, 5), 82831: (1, 1), 82845: (0, 127), 82859: (255, 127), 82873: (0, 4), 82887: (0, 1), 82901: (0, 127), 82915: (255, 127), 82929: (0, 5), 82943: (0, 0), 82957: (1, 127), 82971: (0, 127), 82985: (0, 6), 82999: (0, 127), 83013: (0, 0), 83027: (1, 0), 83041: (0, 5), 83055: (0, 0), 83069: (0, 127), 83083: (1, 1), 83097: (1, 6), 83111: (1, 1), 83125: (0, 0), 83139: (255, 1), 83153: (0, 5), 83167: (1, 1), 83181: (0, 0), 83195: (0, 1), 83209: (1, 5), 83223: (1, 2), 83237: (2, 2), 83251: (2, 1), 83265: (2, 2), 83279: (3, 3), 83293: (3, 2), 83307: (2, 1), 83321: (0, 0), 83335: (0, 4), 83349: (1, 0), 83363: (1, 0), 83377: (1, 0), 83391: (0, 6), 83405: (0, 1), 83419: (1, 1), 83433: (1, 0), 83447: (1, 6), 83461: (0, 1), 83475: (0, 1), 83489: (0, 0), 83503: (0, 5), 83517: (0, 0), 83531: (0, 127), 83545: (1, 126), 83559: (1, 4), 83573: (0, 125), 83587: (255, 124), 83601: (255, 125), 83615: (0, 4), 83629: (1, 0), 83643: (0, 127), 83657: (255, 127), 83671: (255, 5), 83685: (0, 0), 83699: (0, 127), 83713: (0, 127), 83727: (255, 3), 83741: (255, 0), 83755: (255, 127), 83769: (0, 127), 83783: (0, 127), 83797: (1, 2), 83811: (1, 0), 83825: (0, 127), 83839: (0, 127), 83853: (1, 0), 83867: (1, 2), 83881: (2, 127), 83895: (2, 0), 83909: (1, 127), 83923: (1, 2), 83937: (2, 2), 83951: (3, 2), 83965: (1, 0), 83979: (1, 0), 83993: (0, 5), 84007: (0, 1), 84021: (1, 1), 84035: (1, 0), 84049: (1, 0), 84063: (0, 6), 84077: (1, 1), 84091: (1, 1), 84105: (1, 1), 84119: (0, 1), 84133: (1, 3), 84147: (1, 2), 84161: (1, 1), 84175: (1, 0), 84189: (0, 5), 84203: (1, 1), 84217: (2, 1), 84231: (1, 0), 84245: (0, 2), 84259: (1, 2), 84273: (1, 1), 84287: (2, 0), 84301: (2, 0), 84315: (1, 6), 84329: (0, 0), 84343: (1, 0), 84357: (1, 1), 84371: (2, 5), 84385: (2, 1), 84399: (2, 0), 84413: (2, 1), 84427: (1, 3), 84441: (1, 2), 84455: (2, 1), 84469: (2, 1), 84483: (2, 0), 84497: (1, 4), 84511: (0, 0), 84525: (0, 0), 84539: (2, 0), 84553: (1, 6), 84567: (1, 0), 84581: (0, 0), 84595: (0, 0), 84609: (1, 6), 84623: (2, 2), 84637: (1, 1), 84651: (0, 127), 84665: (0, 6), 84679: (1, 2), 84693: (2, 1), 84707: (1, 0), 84721: (1, 5), 84735: (1, 0), 84749: (2, 0), 84763: (2, 127), 84777: (1, 4), 84791: (1, 127), 84805: (2, 126), 84819: (0, 126), 84833: (0, 0), 84847: (0, 1), 84861: (2, 1), 84875: (2, 0), 84889: (2, 127), 84903: (2, 3), 84917: (2, 0), 84931: (2, 0), 84945: (3, 0), 84959: (3, 5), 84973: (3, 0), 84987: (2, 127), 85001: (1, 127), 85015: (1, 5), 85029: (1, 0), 85043: (1, 0), 85057: (1, 0), 85071: (1, 5), 85085: (1, 0), 85099: (0, 1), 85113: (0, 0), 85127: (1, 5), 85141: (1, 1), 85155: (1, 0), 85169: (0, 127), 85183: (0, 5), 85197: (1, 0), 85211: (1, 0), 85225: (1, 0), 85239: (1, 6), 85253: (1, 0), 85267: (1, 127), 85281: (1, 126), 85295: (1, 3), 85309: (2, 1), 85323: (1, 0), 85337: (0, 0), 85351: (0, 3), 85365: (1, 1), 85379: (1, 1), 85393: (0, 0), 85407: (0, 2), 85421: (1, 3), 85435: (0, 1), 85449: (0, 0), 85463: (0, 1), 85477: (2, 5), 85491: (2, 2), 85505: (1, 1), 85519: (0, 0), 85533: (0, 5), 85547: (2, 2), 85561: (2, 1), 85575: (1, 0), 85589: (0, 5), 85603: (1, 0), 85617: (1, 126), 85631: (1, 125), 85645: (0, 0), 85659: (0, 1), 85673: (1, 0), 85687: (1, 0), 85701: (2, 127), 85715: (1, 3), 85729: (2, 126), 85743: (2, 0), 85757: (3, 1), 85771: (1, 5), 85785: (1, 1), 85799: (1, 0), 85813: (1, 0), 85827: (0, 4), 85841: (0, 1), 85855: (0, 0), 85869: (1, 0), 85883: (0, 3), 85897: (1, 3), 85911: (1, 1), 85925: (1, 1), 85939: (0, 2), 85953: (1, 3), 85967: (1, 1), 85981: (0, 1), 85995: (0, 1), 86009: (1, 4), 86023: (1, 2), 86037: (0, 1), 86051: (0, 1), 86065: (0, 5), 86079: (1, 2), 86093: (0, 1), 86107: (1, 1), 86121: (1, 7), 86135: (1, 1), 86149: (1, 0), 86163: (1, 0), 86177: (0, 5), 86191: (0, 1), 86205: (1, 1), 86219: (1, 1), 86233: (1, 5), 86247: (0, 2), 86261: (0, 1), 86275: (1, 2), 86289: (1, 2), 86303: (1, 3), 86317: (0, 1), 86331: (0, 1), 86345: (1, 0), 86359: (0, 4), 86373: (0, 0), 86387: (0, 127), 86401: (0, 127), 86415: (1, 4), 86429: (0, 127), 86443: (0, 0), 86457: (0, 127), 86471: (0, 5), 86485: (1, 0), 86499: (1, 0), 86513: (0, 0), 86527: (0, 5), 86541: (1, 1), 86555: (1, 1), 86569: (1, 1), 86583: (0, 6), 86597: (1, 1), 86611: (2, 0), 86625: (3, 1), 86639: (2, 4), 86653: (3, 2), 86667: (3, 1), 86681: (2, 126), 86695: (2, 3), 86709: (2, 0), 86723: (2, 0), 86737: (1, 0), 86751: (1, 3), 86765: (0, 2), 86779: (0, 1), 86793: (0, 0), 86807: (1, 1), 86821: (1, 4), 86835: (1, 0), 86849: (0, 0), 86863: (0, 0), 86877: (1, 5), 86891: (2, 3), 86905: (2, 1), 86919: (2, 0), 86933: (2, 5), 86947: (2, 2), 86961: (2, 2), 86975: (2, 1), 86989: (2, 4), 87003: (3, 1), 87017: (2, 0), 87031: (1, 127), 87045: (0, 0), 87059: (1, 3), 87073: (2, 1), 87087: (2, 0), 87101: (1, 0), 87115: (0, 4), 87129: (0, 0), 87143: (1, 1), 87157: (1, 1), 87171: (1, 4), 87185: (1, 0), 87199: (1, 0), 87213: (0, 0), 87227: (1, 4), 87241: (1, 1), 87255: (1, 0), 87269: (1, 0), 87283: (1, 5), 87297: (1, 0), 87311: (0, 127), 87325: (0, 127), 87339: (1, 5), 87353: (1, 0), 87367: (0, 127), 87381: (0, 127), 87395: (0, 5), 87409: (2, 1), 87423: (1, 1), 87437: (1, 0), 87451: (0, 6), 87465: (0, 1), 87479: (0, 0), 87493: (0, 127), 87507: (0, 2), 87521: (0, 2), 87535: (0, 0), 87549: (0, 0), 87563: (0, 0), 87577: (0, 5), 87591: (0, 2), 87605: (0, 2), 87619: (0, 0), 87633: (0, 0), 87647: (0, 6), 87661: (0, 1), 87675: (1, 1), 87689: (1, 0), 87703: (1, 0), 87717: (0, 5), 87731: (0, 0), 87745: (1, 1), 87759: (1, 0), 87773: (0, 1), 87787: (1, 3), 87801: (0, 0), 87815: (1, 0), 87829: (1, 0), 87843: (1, 0), 87857: (1, 1), 87871: (0, 127), 87885: (1, 127), 87899: (1, 127), 87913: (0, 4), 87927: (0, 127), 87941: (0, 127), 87955: (1, 127), 87969: (1, 1), 87983: (1, 3), 87997: (1, 1), 88011: (2, 1), 88025: (2, 0), 88039: (1, 2), 88053: (1, 0), 88067: (2, 0), 88081: (3, 0), 88095: (3, 1), 88109: (1, 5), 88123: (0, 0), 88137: (0, 0), 88151: (1, 0), 88165: (1, 3), 88179: (1, 2), 88193: (1, 1), 88207: (1, 0), 88221: (1, 1), 88235: (0, 6), 88249: (1, 2), 88263: (1, 1), 88277: (1, 1), 88291: (1, 2), 88305: (1, 3), 88319: (1, 1), 88333: (2, 1), 88347: (2, 1), 88361: (1, 6), 88375: (0, 1), 88389: (0, 0), 88403: (0, 127), 88417: (2, 2), 88431: (2, 2), 88445: (1, 0), 88459: (0, 127), 88473: (0, 127), 88487: (1, 3), 88501: (1, 0), 88515: (0, 127), 88529: (0, 127), 88543: (0, 5), 88557: (0, 0), 88571: (0, 127), 88585: (1, 1), 88599: (1, 5), 88613: (1, 1), 88627: (0, 0), 88641: (0, 1), 88655: (1, 3), 88669: (2, 1), 88683: (3, 3), 88697: (2, 1), 88711: (0, 3), 88725: (0, 1), 88739: (1, 1), 88753: (1, 0), 88767: (1, 0), 88781: (1, 4), 88795: (1, 1), 88809: (0, 0), 88823: (0, 1), 88837: (1, 6), 88851: (1, 2), 88865: (1, 1), 88879: (1, 1), 88893: (0, 6), 88907: (0, 2), 88921: (0, 1), 88935: (1, 1), 88949: (1, 4), 88963: (1, 4), 88977: (0, 1), 88991: (0, 1), 89005: (1, 2), 89019: (1, 4), 89033: (1, 1), 89047: (0, 1), 89061: (0, 1), 89075: (0, 7), 89089: (1, 2), 89103: (1, 1), 89117: (1, 1), 89131: (0, 6), 89145: (0, 2), 89159: (0, 1), 89173: (0, 0), 89187: (0, 4), 89201: (0, 1), 89215: (0, 0), 89229: (0, 127), 89243: (0, 3), 89257: (0, 1), 89271: (0, 0), 89285: (0, 0), 89299: (0, 1), 89313: (255, 2), 89327: (0, 0), 89341: (0, 127), 89355: (0, 1), 89369: (0, 1), 89383: (0, 127), 89397: (0, 126), 89411: (0, 127), 89425: (0, 4), 89439: (255, 127), 89453: (255, 126), 89467: (0, 127), 89481: (0, 2), 89495: (0, 2), 89509: (0, 0), 89523: (0, 0), 89537: (0, 0), 89551: (1, 6), 89565: (0, 2), 89579: (0, 1), 89593: (0, 1), 89607: (0, 0), 89621: (0, 5), 89635: (1, 1), 89649: (0, 0), 89663: (1, 0), 89677: (1, 3), 89691: (1, 2), 89705: (0, 0), 89719: (0, 1), 89733: (0, 0), 89747: (1, 6), 89761: (1, 1), 89775: (0, 1), 89789: (0, 0), 89803: (0, 1), 89817: (2, 3), 89831: (3, 2), 89845: (2, 0), 89859: (2, 127), 89873: (2, 5), 89887: (2, 0), 89901: (2, 126), 89915: (3, 127), 89929: (3, 5), 89943: (1, 1), 89957: (1, 0), 89971: (1, 0), 89985: (0, 1), 89999: (1, 2), 90013: (2, 1), 90027: (2, 1), 90041: (0, 0), 90055: (0, 4), 90069: (1, 2), 90083: (1, 2), 90097: (2, 1), 90111: (1, 6), 90125: (1, 2), 90139: (1, 1), 90153: (0, 1), 90167: (0, 6), 90181: (1, 1), 90195: (1, 1), 90209: (1, 0), 90223: (0, 5), 90237: (0, 0), 90251: (0, 0), 90265: (1, 0), 90279: (1, 4), 90293: (1, 0), 90307: (0, 127), 90321: (0, 127), 90335: (0, 4), 90349: (1, 0), 90363: (1, 127), 90377: (1, 0), 90391: (0, 4), 90405: (0, 1), 90419: (1, 0), 90433: (1, 127), 90447: (1, 1), 90461: (2, 2), 90475: (2, 0), 90489: (2, 0), 90503: (0, 1), 90517: (1, 3), 90531: (1, 1), 90545: (1, 0), 90559: (1, 1), 90573: (0, 5), 90587: (0, 1), 90601: (1, 1), 90615: (2, 0), 90629: (1, 6), 90643: (1, 1), 90657: (0, 0), 90671: (0, 0), 90685: (1, 5), 90699: (1, 1), 90713: (1, 0), 90727: (0, 127), 90741: (0, 126), 90755: (1, 1), 90769: (2, 0), 90783: (2, 127), 90797: (2, 127), 90811: (2, 3), 90825: (2, 127), 90839: (2, 126), 90853: (2, 127), 90867: (2, 4), 90881: (2, 0), 90895: (1, 0), 90909: (0, 127), 90923: (1, 5), 90937: (1, 1), 90951: (1, 0), 90965: (1, 0), 90979: (1, 5), 90993: (1, 0), 91007: (1, 0), 91021: (1, 1), 91035: (2, 4), 91049: (1, 1), 91063: (1, 0), 91077: (1, 4), 91091: (2, 2), 91105: (1, 0), 91119: (1, 0), 91133: (1, 5), 91147: (1, 1), 91161: (0, 1), 91175: (0, 0), 91189: (0, 6), 91203: (1, 1), 91217: (1, 1), 91231: (0, 1), 91245: (0, 4), 91259: (0, 1), 91273: (1, 0), 91287: (1, 4), 91301: (1, 2), 91315: (255, 0), 91329: (255, 0), 91343: (0, 6), 91357: (1, 1), 91371: (0, 0), 91385: (0, 0), 91399: (0, 3), 91413: (0, 0), 91427: (0, 127), 91441: (0, 4), 91455: (0, 1), 91469: (0, 0), 91483: (0, 0), 91497: (0, 6), 91511: (255, 0), 91525: (0, 0), 91539: (0, 0), 91553: (1, 4), 91567: (0, 0), 91581: (0, 0), 91595: (255, 2), 91609: (1, 3), 91623: (1, 1), 91637: (0, 0), 91651: (255, 3), 91665: (0, 3), 91679: (0, 2), 91693: (0, 1), 91707: (0, 4), 91721: (1, 3), 91735: (1, 1), 91749: (0, 1), 91763: (0, 4), 91777: (0, 3), 91791: (1, 1), 91805: (1, 0), 91819: (1, 5), 91833: (0, 1), 91847: (0, 127), 91861: (0, 127), 91875: (1, 3), 91889: (1, 3), 91903: (0, 1), 91917: (0, 0), 91931: (0, 5), 91945: (1, 3), 91959: (1, 1), 91973: (0, 0), 91987: (0, 5), 92001: (0, 2), 92015: (0, 1), 92029: (1, 1), 92043: (1, 6), 92057: (1, 2), 92071: (1, 1), 92085: (1, 1), 92099: (0, 6), 92113: (0, 1), 92127: (0, 1), 92141: (0, 0), 92155: (0, 6), 92169: (0, 1), 92183: (0, 0), 92197: (255, 2), 92211: (0, 3), 92225: (0, 0), 92239: (0, 127), 92253: (0, 4), 92267: (0, 1), 92281: (0, 0), 92295: (0, 127), 92309: (0, 6), 92323: (2, 1), 92337: (2, 127), 92351: (2, 127), 92365: (2, 8), 92379: (1, 1), 92393: (1, 0), 92407: (2, 0), 92421: (1, 5), 92435: (0, 0), 92449: (0, 0), 92463: (0, 1), 92477: (1, 5), 92491: (1, 1), 92505: (0, 0), 92519: (0, 3), 92533: (0, 2), 92547: (1, 1), 92561: (1, 0), 92575: (0, 4), 92589: (1, 2), 92603: (0, 0), 92617: (0, 1), 92631: (0, 5), 92645: (0, 1), 92659: (0, 0), 92673: (0, 1), 92687: (0, 6), 92701: (0, 2), 92715: (0, 1), 92729: (0, 0), 92743: (0, 6), 92757: (0, 1), 92771: (0, 0), 92785: (0, 127), 92799: (0, 6), 92813: (1, 1), 92827: (1, 0), 92841: (0, 0), 92855: (0, 5), 92869: (0, 1), 92883: (1, 0), 92897: (0, 4), 92911: (0, 3), 92925: (0, 1), 92939: (0, 1), 92953: (1, 5), 92967: (1, 2), 92981: (0, 0), 92995: (0, 0), 93009: (1, 7), 93023: (1, 2), 93037: (1, 1), 93051: (0, 1), 93065: (0, 7), 93079: (0, 1), 93093: (1, 1), 93107: (0, 0), 93121: (255, 7), 93135: (1, 1), 93149: (1, 0), 93163: (0, 0), 93177: (0, 4), 93191: (0, 0), 93205: (0, 127), 93219: (0, 4), 93233: (0, 1), 93247: (255, 127), 93261: (255, 127), 93275: (0, 6), 93289: (0, 127), 93303: (0, 127), 93317: (0, 0), 93331: (0, 3), 93345: (0, 127), 93359: (255, 126), 93373: (0, 3), 93387: (0, 0), 93401: (0, 127), 93415: (255, 126), 93429: (255, 4), 93443: (255, 126), 93457: (255, 125), 93471: (255, 126), 93485: (0, 5), 93499: (0, 127), 93513: (255, 127), 93527: (0, 0), 93541: (1, 6), 93555: (0, 0), 93569: (0, 0), 93583: (0, 0), 93597: (1, 4), 93611: (2, 1), 93625: (1, 0), 93639: (0, 0), 93653: (1, 2), 93667: (2, 3), 93681: (0, 127), 93695: (0, 127), 93709: (255, 126), 93723: (255, 3), 93737: (254, 127), 93751: (0, 127), 93765: (0, 0), 93779: (0, 5), 93793: (255, 127), 93807: (0, 0), 93821: (9, 10), 93835: (0, 5), 93849: (0, 0), 93863: (254, 126), 93877: (254, 126), 93891: (255, 5), 93905: (255, 127), 93919: (255, 126), 93933: (254, 126), 93947: (255, 5), 93961: (254, 127), 93975: (255, 126), 93989: (253, 125), 94003: (255, 3), 94017: (0, 127), 94031: (254, 126), 94045: (254, 0), 94059: (252, 0), 94073: (253, 126), 94087: (254, 126), 94101: (254, 0), 94115: (249, 126), 94129: (254, 127), 94143: (254, 127), 94157: (254, 2), 94171: (252, 0), 94185: (0, 127), 94199: (253, 0), 94213: (253, 0), 94227: (255, 3), 94241: (9, 10), 94255: (254, 0), 94269: (255, 1), 94283: (255, 6), 94297: (1, 0), 9: (0, 1), 23: (1, 10), 37: (2, 1), 51: (7, 8), 65: (4, 5), 79: (4, 4), 93: (255, 7), 107: (9, 11), 121: (2, 2), 135: (7, 12), 149: (1, 8), 163: (4, 4), 177: (4, 3), 191: (2, 5), 205: (2, 2), 219: (0, 8), 233: (3, 2), 247: (0, 10), 261: (0, 1), 275: (2, 2), 289: (4, 5), 303: (0, 7), 317: (8, 11), 331: (3, 8), 345: (2, 6), 359: (3, 10), 373: (1, 3), 387: (3, 6), 401: (4, 7), 415: (3, 3), 429: (4, 8), 443: (4, 5), 457: (254, 13), 471: (3, 3), 485: (12, 5), 499: (3, 124), 513: (1, 5), 527: (1, 126), 541: (2, 5), 555: (1, 3), 569: (3, 4), 583: (4, 6), 597: (1, 1), 611: (2, 5), 625: (3, 10), 639: (254, 127), 653: (12, 6), 667: (0, 0), 681: (1, 0), 695: (4, 11), 709: (3, 6), 723: (254, 126), 737: (13, 7), 751: (5, 8), 765: (0, 127), 779: (1, 127), 793: (0, 125), 807: (255, 124), 821: (0, 124), 835: (0, 0), 849: (1, 127), 863: (1, 127), 877: (0, 124), 891: (7, 8), 905: (1, 1), 919: (255, 126), 933: (254, 124), 947: (0, 125), 961: (0, 126), 975: (255, 124), 989: (0, 0), 1003: (0, 126), 1017: (0, 125), 1031: (1, 125), 1045: (255, 124), 1059: (0, 1), 1073: (1, 125), 1087: (255, 124), 1101: (255, 124), 1115: (0, 124), 1129: (1, 1), 1143: (255, 125), 1157: (255, 124), 1171: (255, 124), 1185: (1, 126), 1199: (0, 2), 1213: (0, 127), 1227: (255, 125), 1241: (0, 126), 1255: (0, 126), 1269: (1, 2), 1283: (0, 127), 1297: (255, 125), 1311: (0, 126), 1325: (0, 1), 1339: (0, 0), 1353: (0, 126), 1367: (0, 126), 1381: (0, 125), 1395: (0, 3), 1409: (1, 126), 1423: (1, 125), 1437: (0, 125), 1451: (0, 1), 1465: (1, 126), 1479: (1, 125), 1493: (1, 125), 1507: (0, 125), 1521: (1, 127), 1535: (1, 124), 1549: (0, 123), 1563: (0, 124), 1577: (1, 3), 1591: (0, 126), 1605: (0, 125), 1619: (0, 124), 1633: (0, 125), 1647: (0, 1), 1661: (0, 125), 1675: (1, 125), 1689: (255, 125), 1703: (255, 3), 1717: (0, 126), 1731: (0, 125), 1745: (0, 125), 1759: (0, 2), 1773: (1, 127), 1787: (0, 126), 1801: (255, 126), 1815: (0, 126), 1829: (0, 2), 1843: (1, 127), 1857: (0, 127), 1871: (0, 126), 1885: (255, 4), 1899: (255, 126), 1913: (0, 126), 1927: (1, 126), 1941: (0, 3), 1955: (255, 127), 1969: (0, 127), 1983: (0, 127), 1997: (0, 1), 2011: (0, 0), 2025: (0, 127), 2039: (0, 127), 2053: (0, 126), 2067: (0, 3), 2081: (0, 127), 2095: (255, 126), 2109: (0, 126), 2123: (1, 5), 2137: (0, 0), 2151: (0, 126), 2165: (0, 126), 2179: (1, 2), 2193: (1, 0), 2207: (1, 127), 2221: (255, 125), 2235: (0, 125), 2249: (1, 1), 2263: (0, 125), 2277: (1, 126), 2291: (0, 126), 2305: (0, 3), 2319: (1, 127), 2333: (1, 127), 2347: (255, 126), 2361: (1, 1), 2375: (2, 0), 2389: (0, 127), 2403: (255, 126), 2417: (255, 125), 2431: (0, 3), 2445: (1, 0), 2459: (1, 127), 2473: (0, 125), 2487: (0, 125), 2501: (0, 2), 2515: (2, 126), 2529: (2, 125), 2543: (1, 124), 2557: (1, 2), 2571: (2, 125), 2585: (2, 126), 2599: (1, 124), 2613: (1, 2), 2627: (2, 127), 2641: (1, 126), 2655: (0, 126), 2669: (1, 127), 2683: (1, 0), 2697: (0, 126), 2711: (1, 126), 2725: (0, 126), 2739: (0, 2), 2753: (0, 126), 2767: (0, 125), 2781: (0, 126), 2795: (0, 2), 2809: (0, 127), 2823: (0, 126), 2837: (0, 126), 2851: (0, 2), 2865: (1, 127), 2879: (0, 125), 2893: (0, 126), 2907: (0, 126), 2921: (1, 2), 2935: (0, 127), 2949: (0, 125), 2963: (1, 125), 2977: (1, 0), 2991: (0, 0), 3005: (0, 127), 3019: (0, 126), 3033: (0, 127), 3047: (1, 1), 3061: (1, 127), 3075: (1, 124), 3089: (0, 123), 3103: (1, 1), 3117: (2, 126), 3131: (0, 124), 3145: (0, 124), 3159: (0, 1), 3173: (0, 126), 3187: (0, 126), 3201: (0, 125), 3215: (0, 2), 3229: (1, 127), 3243: (0, 125), 3257: (0, 125), 3271: (0, 1), 3285: (1, 0), 3299: (0, 125), 3313: (0, 126), 3327: (0, 127), 3341: (255, 1), 3355: (0, 126), 3369: (1, 126), 3383: (1, 127), 3397: (0, 2), 3411: (255, 126), 3425: (0, 125), 3439: (1, 125), 3453: (1, 2), 3467: (2, 126), 3481: (1, 126), 3495: (0, 125), 3509: (2, 5), 3523: (3, 127), 3537: (1, 126), 3551: (1, 126), 3565: (1, 3), 3579: (1, 127), 3593: (1, 126), 3607: (1, 125), 3621: (1, 2), 3635: (1, 0), 3649: (1, 127), 3663: (2, 126), 3677: (1, 124), 3691: (1, 3), 3705: (1, 127), 3719: (3, 126), 3733: (2, 125), 3747: (1, 3), 3761: (1, 126), 3775: (2, 125), 3789: (1, 124), 3803: (1, 0), 3817: (1, 126), 3831: (1, 125), 3845: (0, 125), 3859: (0, 126), 3873: (1, 0), 3887: (0, 125), 3901: (1, 126), 3915: (0, 125), 3929: (0, 2), 3943: (0, 126), 3957: (1, 126), 3971: (2, 126), 3985: (1, 3), 3999: (2, 0), 4013: (2, 127), 4027: (1, 126), 4041: (1, 2), 4055: (2, 0), 4069: (2, 126), 4083: (1, 126), 4097: (0, 127), 4111: (0, 1), 4125: (1, 127), 4139: (0, 126), 4153: (1, 126), 4167: (1, 4), 4181: (2, 126), 4195: (1, 126), 4209: (0, 126), 4223: (1, 3), 4237: (1, 127), 4251: (1, 125), 4265: (1, 125), 4279: (0, 126), 4293: (1, 1), 4307: (1, 126), 4321: (1, 126), 4335: (0, 125), 4349: (0, 4), 4363: (1, 127), 4377: (1, 126), 4391: (0, 125), 4405: (1, 0), 4419: (1, 127), 4433: (0, 125), 4447: (0, 125), 4461: (1, 125), 4475: (0, 1), 4489: (255, 125), 4503: (0, 125), 4517: (0, 125), 4531: (0, 4), 4545: (255, 126), 4559: (0, 125), 4573: (2, 126), 4587: (1, 3), 4601: (255, 126), 4615: (1, 125), 4629: (1, 126), 4643: (0, 125), 4657: (1, 125), 4671: (1, 125), 4685: (0, 125), 4699: (0, 2), 4713: (1, 126), 4727: (2, 126), 4741: (0, 125), 4755: (0, 125), 4769: (0, 125), 4783: (1, 1), 4797: (0, 126), 4811: (1, 126), 4825: (1, 125), 4839: (1, 125), 4853: (0, 2), 4867: (1, 126), 4881: (2, 126), 4895: (2, 124), 4909: (1, 124), 4923: (3, 0), 4937: (2, 126), 4951: (1, 125), 4965: (1, 125), 4979: (1, 124), 4993: (1, 2), 5007: (1, 126), 5021: (0, 125), 5035: (1, 125), 5049: (1, 125), 5063: (1, 0), 5077: (1, 125), 5091: (0, 125), 5105: (1, 126), 5119: (1, 2), 5133: (1, 127), 5147: (0, 125), 5161: (0, 125), 5175: (1, 126), 5189: (1, 1), 5203: (2, 127), 5217: (2, 125), 5231: (1, 124), 5245: (3, 125), 5259: (2, 127), 5273: (1, 125), 5287: (1, 125), 5301: (1, 126), 5315: (3, 1), 5329: (1, 126), 5343: (0, 125), 5357: (0, 124), 5371: (1, 3), 5385: (2, 126), 5399: (1, 124), 5413: (1, 125), 5427: (0, 124), 5441: (1, 0), 5455: (1, 125), 5469: (1, 124), 5483: (1, 123), 5497: (1, 127), 5511: (1, 125), 5525: (1, 125), 5539: (1, 126), 5553: (1, 126), 5567: (1, 5), 5581: (1, 127), 5595: (0, 126), 5609: (0, 125), 5623: (0, 1), 5637: (2, 127), 5651: (2, 125), 5665: (3, 125), 5679: (1, 123), 5693: (0, 2), 5707: (1, 125), 5721: (1, 125), 5735: (0, 125), 5749: (0, 127), 5763: (1, 0), 5777: (1, 126), 5791: (0, 125), 5805: (1, 125), 5819: (1, 3), 5833: (2, 126), 5847: (1, 125), 5861: (0, 125), 5875: (0, 1), 5889: (0, 127), 5903: (1, 126), 5917: (1, 126), 5931: (0, 125), 5945: (255, 3), 5959: (0, 127), 5973: (2, 127), 5987: (2, 127), 6001: (0, 0), 6015: (0, 1), 6029: (0, 127), 6043: (0, 126), 6057: (1, 126), 6071: (1, 4), 6085: (1, 0), 6099: (0, 126), 6113: (0, 126), 6127: (1, 1), 6141: (0, 1), 6155: (0, 0), 6169: (0, 127), 6183: (0, 127), 6197: (0, 3), 6211: (1, 127), 6225: (1, 127), 6239: (1, 127), 6253: (1, 2), 6267: (1, 125), 6281: (1, 124), 6295: (1, 125), 6309: (1, 126), 6323: (2, 3), 6337: (1, 126), 6351: (255, 126), 6365: (0, 126), 6379: (1, 5), 6393: (1, 0), 6407: (0, 126), 6421: (0, 127), 6435: (1, 2), 6449: (2, 1), 6463: (1, 126), 6477: (0, 125), 6491: (1, 125), 6505: (2, 1), 6519: (2, 126), 6533: (0, 125), 6547: (0, 125), 6561: (0, 3), 6575: (2, 0), 6589: (1, 127), 6603: (0, 127), 6617: (0, 1), 6631: (1, 1), 6645: (1, 127), 6659: (1, 126), 6673: (1, 126), 6687: (0, 1), 6701: (0, 126), 6715: (0, 125), 6729: (0, 125), 6743: (0, 3), 6757: (0, 126), 6771: (1, 127), 6785: (0, 125), 6799: (255, 125), 6813: (0, 1), 6827: (1, 126), 6841: (0, 126), 6855: (0, 125), 6869: (255, 125), 6883: (0, 2), 6897: (0, 126), 6911: (0, 125), 6925: (0, 126), 6939: (0, 126), 6953: (0, 2), 6967: (0, 126), 6981: (1, 127), 6995: (1, 127), 7009: (0, 1), 7023: (0, 0), 7037: (0, 126), 7051: (0, 126), 7065: (1, 126), 7079: (0, 5), 7093: (0, 127), 7107: (0, 127), 7121: (0, 126), 7135: (255, 2), 7149: (0, 0), 7163: (0, 127), 7177: (1, 127), 7191: (0, 127), 7205: (0, 3), 7219: (0, 127), 7233: (0, 127), 7247: (0, 127), 7261: (1, 3), 7275: (1, 0), 7289: (0, 127), 7303: (0, 127), 7317: (1, 127), 7331: (1, 5), 7345: (0, 127), 7359: (0, 126), 7373: (1, 127), 7387: (0, 5), 7401: (0, 127), 7415: (0, 126), 7429: (1, 127), 7443: (1, 1), 7457: (2, 0), 7471: (1, 126), 7485: (1, 126), 7499: (0, 126), 7513: (1, 4), 7527: (1, 0), 7541: (0, 126), 7555: (0, 126), 7569: (1, 5), 7583: (1, 0), 7597: (1, 127), 7611: (1, 125), 7625: (1, 2), 7639: (1, 126), 7653: (0, 125), 7667: (0, 125), 7681: (0, 2), 7695: (1, 127), 7709: (1, 126), 7723: (1, 126), 7737: (255, 2), 7751: (0, 126), 7765: (1, 126), 7779: (1, 126), 7793: (0, 1), 7807: (0, 127), 7821: (255, 125), 7835: (255, 125), 7849: (0, 0), 7863: (0, 127), 7877: (0, 125), 7891: (255, 125), 7905: (255, 125), 7919: (1, 2), 7933: (0, 126), 7947: (255, 126), 7961: (0, 127), 7975: (1, 5), 7989: (0, 0), 8003: (0, 127), 8017: (0, 127), 8031: (0, 0), 8045: (0, 2), 8059: (0, 127), 8073: (0, 127), 8087: (0, 127), 8101: (0, 4), 8115: (2, 127), 8129: (1, 126), 8143: (0, 125), 8157: (1, 1), 8171: (1, 126), 8185: (1, 125), 8199: (0, 125), 8213: (0, 126), 8227: (1, 0), 8241: (0, 126), 8255: (1, 125), 8269: (1, 125), 8283: (0, 3), 8297: (0, 126), 8311: (1, 126), 8325: (1, 126), 8339: (0, 3), 8353: (0, 127), 8367: (1, 126), 8381: (0, 126), 8395: (1, 1), 8409: (2, 1), 8423: (2, 127), 8437: (2, 126), 8451: (2, 126), 8465: (2, 4), 8479: (1, 127), 8493: (0, 127), 8507: (1, 126), 8521: (1, 5), 8535: (0, 0), 8549: (0, 127), 8563: (1, 126), 8577: (1, 3), 8591: (1, 127), 8605: (1, 126), 8619: (1, 125), 8633: (0, 2), 8647: (1, 127), 8661: (1, 125), 8675: (1, 124), 8689: (0, 127), 8703: (1, 127), 8717: (0, 125), 8731: (255, 125), 8745: (255, 0), 8759: (0, 127), 8773: (2, 127), 8787: (3, 125), 8801: (1, 1), 8815: (2, 125), 8829: (2, 125), 8843: (2, 125), 8857: (1, 2), 8871: (1, 126), 8885: (0, 125), 8899: (0, 125), 8913: (1, 3), 8927: (3, 0), 8941: (2, 126), 8955: (2, 125), 8969: (2, 4), 8983: (2, 127), 8997: (1, 126), 9011: (1, 126), 9025: (2, 2), 9039: (1, 126), 9053: (1, 125), 9067: (0, 1), 9081: (0, 127), 9095: (1, 126), 9109: (1, 126), 9123: (1, 5), 9137: (0, 126), 9151: (0, 125), 9165: (1, 127), 9179: (2, 1), 9193: (1, 126), 9207: (0, 126), 9221: (0, 4), 9235: (0, 0), 9249: (0, 127), 9263: (1, 126), 9277: (1, 4), 9291: (1, 0), 9305: (0, 127), 9319: (0, 0), 9333: (0, 2), 9347: (0, 127), 9361: (1, 127), 9375: (1, 5), 9389: (0, 1), 9403: (0, 126), 9417: (0, 126), 9431: (1, 5), 9445: (1, 0), 9459: (1, 127), 9473: (0, 3), 9487: (0, 1), 9501: (0, 127), 9515: (1, 0), 9529: (1, 6), 9543: (1, 0), 9557: (0, 127), 9571: (1, 127), 9585: (1, 3), 9599: (1, 126), 9613: (1, 126), 9627: (1, 3), 9641: (0, 1), 9655: (0, 127), 9669: (1, 126), 9683: (0, 5), 9697: (1, 127), 9711: (1, 126), 9725: (0, 126), 9739: (0, 3), 9753: (0, 126), 9767: (0, 126), 9781: (1, 3), 9795: (0, 0), 9809: (255, 126), 9823: (255, 126), 9837: (0, 5), 9851: (0, 127), 9865: (0, 126), 9879: (1, 127), 9893: (0, 4), 9907: (0, 127), 9921: (1, 127), 9935: (1, 2), 9949: (0, 1), 9963: (0, 127), 9977: (0, 127), 9991: (0, 3), 10005: (0, 0), 10019: (0, 127), 10033: (1, 127), 10047: (0, 1), 10061: (1, 2), 10075: (0, 0), 10089: (0, 127), 10103: (0, 2), 10117: (1, 1), 10131: (1, 0), 10145: (0, 126), 10159: (0, 2), 10173: (1, 0), 10187: (1, 127), 10201: (0, 126), 10215: (0, 4), 10229: (0, 1), 10243: (0, 127), 10257: (0, 127), 10271: (0, 4), 10285: (0, 0), 10299: (0, 127), 10313: (0, 127), 10327: (0, 4), 10341: (0, 0), 10355: (0, 127), 10369: (1, 127), 10383: (1, 4), 10397: (0, 0), 10411: (255, 126), 10425: (1, 0), 10439: (2, 5), 10453: (2, 127), 10467: (2, 0), 10481: (1, 126), 10495: (1, 6), 10509: (1, 0), 10523: (1, 127), 10537: (0, 127), 10551: (0, 6), 10565: (1, 0), 10579: (1, 0), 10593: (0, 126), 10607: (0, 5), 10621: (1, 126), 10635: (2, 126), 10649: (1, 126), 10663: (1, 3), 10677: (1, 125), 10691: (0, 124), 10705: (1, 125), 10719: (1, 3), 10733: (0, 126), 10747: (255, 125), 10761: (0, 125), 10775: (2, 5), 10789: (2, 125), 10803: (1, 124), 10817: (2, 124), 10831: (2, 5), 10845: (1, 127), 10859: (1, 127), 10873: (1, 126), 10887: (0, 3), 10901: (0, 0), 10915: (1, 127), 10929: (0, 127), 10943: (0, 4), 10957: (0, 127), 10971: (1, 127), 10985: (1, 0), 10999: (0, 4), 11013: (0, 0), 11027: (0, 127), 11041: (0, 127), 11055: (1, 5), 11069: (1, 0), 11083: (0, 126), 11097: (0, 127), 11111: (1, 6), 11125: (1, 127), 11139: (0, 127), 11153: (0, 127), 11167: (0, 6), 11181: (0, 0), 11195: (0, 127), 11209: (0, 127), 11223: (1, 7), 11237: (2, 0), 11251: (1, 127), 11265: (1, 126), 11279: (2, 5), 11293: (2, 0), 11307: (3, 127), 11321: (3, 127), 11335: (2, 3), 11349: (1, 127), 11363: (1, 127), 11377: (1, 0), 11391: (1, 3), 11405: (0, 127), 11419: (1, 126), 11433: (1, 0), 11447: (0, 1), 11461: (0, 126), 11475: (1, 125), 11489: (0, 127), 11503: (1, 0), 11517: (1, 125), 11531: (0, 125), 11545: (255, 127), 11559: (0, 1), 11573: (2, 127), 11587: (1, 125), 11601: (0, 126), 11615: (1, 2), 11629: (1, 126), 11643: (0, 125), 11657: (0, 125), 11671: (1, 4), 11685: (1, 127), 11699: (0, 125), 11713: (1, 125), 11727: (0, 1), 11741: (255, 127), 11755: (255, 125), 11769: (0, 125), 11783: (0, 126), 11797: (255, 125), 11811: (0, 4), 11825: (1, 0), 11839: (0, 127), 11853: (0, 126), 11867: (0, 126), 11881: (1, 4), 11895: (0, 0), 11909: (1, 127), 11923: (1, 127), 11937: (0, 3), 11951: (0, 127), 11965: (0, 126), 11979: (1, 126), 11993: (0, 125), 12007: (255, 4), 12021: (0, 127), 12035: (0, 126), 12049: (0, 127), 12063: (0, 0), 12077: (0, 1), 12091: (0, 126), 12105: (0, 127), 12119: (0, 127), 12133: (0, 3), 12147: (0, 0), 12161: (0, 126), 12175: (1, 126), 12189: (0, 126), 12203: (1, 3), 12217: (1, 127), 12231: (1, 127), 12245: (1, 127), 12259: (0, 5), 12273: (0, 127), 12287: (0, 127), 12301: (0, 127), 12315: (1, 2), 12329: (1, 1), 12343: (0, 127), 12357: (0, 127), 12371: (0, 0), 12385: (1, 2), 12399: (0, 0), 12413: (0, 126), 12427: (0, 127), 12441: (1, 4), 12455: (1, 0), 12469: (0, 127), 12483: (0, 127), 12497: (0, 6), 12511: (0, 0), 12525: (0, 127), 12539: (0, 127), 12553: (1, 5), 12567: (1, 0), 12581: (1, 127), 12595: (0, 127), 12609: (0, 126), 12623: (1, 3), 12637: (1, 0), 12651: (0, 127), 12665: (0, 126), 12679: (0, 5), 12693: (0, 0), 12707: (0, 127), 12721: (0, 127), 12735: (0, 2), 12749: (0, 1), 12763: (0, 127), 12777: (0, 127), 12791: (0, 127), 12805: (0, 2), 12819: (1, 0), 12833: (1, 127), 12847: (0, 127), 12861: (0, 4), 12875: (0, 0), 12889: (0, 127), 12903: (1, 0), 12917: (1, 2), 12931: (1, 1), 12945: (255, 127), 12959: (0, 126), 12973: (1, 127), 12987: (1, 2), 13001: (0, 126), 13015: (0, 126), 13029: (1, 126), 13043: (0, 4), 13057: (0, 126), 13071: (1, 127), 13085: (1, 127), 13099: (0, 6), 13113: (0, 0), 13127: (0, 127), 13141: (0, 127), 13155: (1, 5), 13169: (1, 127), 13183: (1, 0), 13197: (255, 126), 13211: (0, 3), 13225: (1, 0), 13239: (1, 127), 13253: (0, 126), 13267: (0, 1), 13281: (0, 1), 13295: (0, 127), 13309: (0, 126), 13323: (1, 126), 13337: (0, 3), 13351: (0, 127), 13365: (0, 126), 13379: (0, 127), 13393: (0, 5), 13407: (0, 0), 13421: (0, 127), 13435: (255, 127), 13449: (255, 1), 13463: (0, 1), 13477: (0, 127), 13491: (0, 126), 13505: (0, 126), 13519: (0, 3), 13533: (0, 127), 13547: (0, 125), 13561: (0, 126), 13575: (1, 4), 13589: (0, 127), 13603: (255, 126), 13617: (255, 126), 13631: (0, 3), 13645: (0, 0), 13659: (0, 127), 13673: (0, 127), 13687: (0, 127), 13701: (0, 2), 13715: (0, 0), 13729: (0, 126), 13743: (0, 127), 13757: (0, 5), 13771: (1, 1), 13785: (0, 127), 13799: (255, 127), 13813: (0, 3), 13827: (1, 2), 13841: (1, 0), 13855: (0, 0), 13869: (0, 0), 13883: (255, 5), 13897: (0, 1), 13911: (1, 127), 13925: (0, 127), 13939: (0, 1), 13953: (255, 1), 13967: (0, 127), 13981: (0, 127), 13995: (0, 127), 14009: (0, 4), 14023: (1, 0), 14037: (0, 127), 14051: (0, 127), 14065: (0, 126), 14079: (0, 3), 14093: (0, 0), 14107: (0, 127), 14121: (0, 127), 14135: (255, 2), 14149: (255, 0), 14163: (0, 127), 14177: (1, 127), 14191: (0, 127), 14205: (0, 5), 14219: (1, 0), 14233: (2, 127), 14247: (3, 0), 14261: (1, 5), 14275: (1, 1), 14289: (1, 127), 14303: (1, 127), 14317: (1, 1), 14331: (1, 1), 14345: (0, 127), 14359: (1, 127), 14373: (0, 126), 14387: (0, 4), 14401: (255, 127), 14415: (0, 126), 14429: (1, 127), 14443: (0, 4), 14457: (0, 0), 14471: (0, 127), 14485: (0, 127), 14499: (0, 3), 14513: (1, 1), 14527: (1, 127), 14541: (0, 127), 14555: (255, 126), 14569: (1, 4), 14583: (2, 127), 14597: (0, 126), 14611: (0, 125), 14625: (1, 4), 14639: (1, 127), 14653: (1, 126), 14667: (0, 126), 14681: (0, 4), 14695: (1, 127), 14709: (0, 126), 14723: (0, 125), 14737: (0, 125), 14751: (0, 4), 14765: (0, 126), 14779: (1, 127), 14793: (0, 127), 14807: (0, 126), 14821: (1, 3), 14835: (1, 0), 14849: (0, 127), 14863: (0, 127), 14877: (0, 4), 14891: (0, 0), 14905: (0, 127), 14919: (0, 127), 14933: (1, 126), 14947: (0, 4), 14961: (0, 0), 14975: (0, 127), 14989: (0, 126), 15003: (255, 4), 15017: (0, 127), 15031: (2, 1), 15045: (1, 0), 15059: (0, 127), 15073: (0, 127), 15087: (255, 1), 15101: (0, 1), 15115: (1, 0), 15129: (0, 127), 15143: (0, 127), 15157: (0, 2), 15171: (1, 1), 15185: (1, 127), 15199: (255, 127), 15213: (0, 127), 15227: (1, 5), 15241: (0, 0), 15255: (0, 127), 15269: (0, 127), 15283: (1, 2), 15297: (1, 0), 15311: (0, 127), 15325: (1, 126), 15339: (0, 126), 15353: (0, 1), 15367: (1, 1), 15381: (1, 127), 15395: (0, 126), 15409: (0, 127), 15423: (1, 1), 15437: (1, 127), 15451: (0, 126), 15465: (255, 125), 15479: (0, 3), 15493: (1, 0), 15507: (1, 0), 15521: (1, 127), 15535: (0, 3), 15549: (0, 1), 15563: (0, 0), 15577: (1, 127), 15591: (1, 127), 15605: (1, 2), 15619: (0, 127), 15633: (1, 127), 15647: (1, 126), 15661: (0, 3), 15675: (1, 127), 15689: (1, 127), 15703: (1, 126), 15717: (1, 2), 15731: (0, 0), 15745: (0, 127), 15759: (1, 127), 15773: (1, 127), 15787: (1, 4), 15801: (0, 127), 15815: (0, 0), 15829: (0, 126), 15843: (1, 0), 15857: (1, 3), 15871: (1, 0), 15885: (1, 0), 15899: (2, 127), 15913: (2, 5), 15927: (2, 0), 15941: (2, 126), 15955: (2, 126), 15969: (2, 126), 15983: (2, 1), 15997: (0, 126), 16011: (0, 126), 16025: (1, 126), 16039: (1, 5), 16053: (0, 0), 16067: (0, 127), 16081: (1, 127), 16095: (0, 4), 16109: (1, 0), 16123: (1, 127), 16137: (0, 126), 16151: (0, 0), 16165: (0, 1), 16179: (1, 127), 16193: (1, 127), 16207: (0, 126), 16221: (0, 4), 16235: (0, 0), 16249: (0, 127), 16263: (0, 126), 16277: (0, 2), 16291: (1, 1), 16305: (0, 127), 16319: (1, 127), 16333: (1, 127), 16347: (2, 4), 16361: (2, 0), 16375: (2, 127), 16389: (1, 127), 16403: (0, 3), 16417: (1, 0), 16431: (2, 127), 16445: (2, 127), 16459: (1, 127), 16473: (1, 4), 16487: (1, 126), 16501: (1, 126), 16515: (1, 126), 16529: (1, 3), 16543: (1, 1), 16557: (1, 0), 16571: (0, 127), 16585: (1, 0), 16599: (1, 6), 16613: (2, 0), 16627: (3, 1), 16641: (2, 0), 16655: (1, 127), 16669: (2, 4), 16683: (2, 126), 16697: (2, 127), 16711: (1, 127), 16725: (1, 5), 16739: (1, 1), 16753: (0, 127), 16767: (1, 127), 16781: (2, 2), 16795: (1, 2), 16809: (0, 127), 16823: (0, 126), 16837: (2, 127), 16851: (1, 4), 16865: (0, 127), 16879: (1, 127), 16893: (1, 126), 16907: (0, 5), 16921: (0, 127), 16935: (1, 127), 16949: (1, 127), 16963: (0, 3), 16977: (1, 0), 16991: (0, 127), 17005: (0, 126), 17019: (1, 0), 17033: (2, 3), 17047: (1, 127), 17061: (0, 127), 17075: (255, 126), 17089: (0, 126), 17103: (0, 4), 17117: (0, 0), 17131: (1, 127), 17145: (0, 127), 17159: (0, 0), 17173: (1, 4), 17187: (1, 1), 17201: (1, 0), 17215: (1, 0), 17229: (0, 4), 17243: (2, 1), 17257: (2, 0), 17271: (2, 0), 17285: (2, 0), 17299: (3, 6), 17313: (2, 0), 17327: (2, 127), 17341: (2, 127), 17355: (1, 4), 17369: (1, 127), 17383: (2, 127), 17397: (1, 126), 17411: (0, 126), 17425: (1, 3), 17439: (1, 127), 17453: (1, 127), 17467: (1, 126), 17481: (1, 4), 17495: (1, 127), 17509: (1, 126), 17523: (1, 126), 17537: (1, 1), 17551: (1, 127), 17565: (1, 126), 17579: (1, 125), 17593: (1, 125), 17607: (0, 5), 17621: (1, 0), 17635: (2, 0), 17649: (1, 127), 17663: (0, 5), 17677: (0, 0), 17691: (1, 1), 17705: (2, 1), 17719: (1, 4), 17733: (1, 2), 17747: (0, 0), 17761: (0, 0), 17775: (1, 0), 17789: (1, 5), 17803: (1, 1), 17817: (0, 0), 17831: (1, 0), 17845: (1, 6), 17859: (0, 1), 17873: (0, 0), 17887: (1, 0), 17901: (1, 4), 17915: (0, 1), 17929: (0, 0), 17943: (0, 127), 17957: (0, 127), 17971: (0, 3), 17985: (1, 1), 17999: (1, 0), 18013: (0, 0), 18027: (1, 6), 18041: (2, 2), 18055: (2, 1), 18069: (2, 127), 18083: (2, 127), 18097: (2, 3), 18111: (2, 0), 18125: (2, 0), 18139: (1, 127), 18153: (1, 6), 18167: (1, 1), 18181: (1, 0), 18195: (1, 0), 18209: (0, 5), 18223: (1, 1), 18237: (2, 1), 18251: (1, 0), 18265: (0, 1), 18279: (0, 2), 18293: (1, 0), 18307: (2, 0), 18321: (1, 0), 18335: (1, 5), 18349: (1, 0), 18363: (1, 127), 18377: (1, 127), 18391: (1, 4), 18405: (1, 1), 18419: (0, 127), 18433: (0, 127), 18447: (0, 0), 18461: (0, 2), 18475: (0, 127), 18489: (1, 127), 18503: (1, 127), 18517: (0, 4), 18531: (0, 127), 18545: (1, 127), 18559: (1, 126), 18573: (1, 4), 18587: (2, 0), 18601: (1, 127), 18615: (0, 127), 18629: (1, 3), 18643: (2, 2), 18657: (1, 1), 18671: (1, 127), 18685: (1, 0), 18699: (1, 2), 18713: (1, 127), 18727: (1, 126), 18741: (1, 125), 18755: (1, 4), 18769: (1, 125), 18783: (1, 125), 18797: (1, 127), 18811: (0, 1), 18825: (1, 1), 18839: (1, 127), 18853: (1, 127), 18867: (255, 126), 18881: (0, 4), 18895: (1, 0), 18909: (0, 127), 18923: (0, 126), 18937: (0, 127), 18951: (0, 4), 18965: (0, 127), 18979: (0, 127), 18993: (0, 127), 19007: (0, 126), 19021: (0, 5), 19035: (1, 0), 19049: (2, 0), 19063: (0, 127), 19077: (0, 127), 19091: (2, 5), 19105: (3, 2), 19119: (1, 0), 19133: (1, 127), 19147: (1, 0), 19161: (0, 6), 19175: (0, 1), 19189: (1, 1), 19203: (1, 1), 19217: (0, 1), 19231: (1, 3), 19245: (2, 1), 19259: (1, 1), 19273: (255, 0), 19287: (0, 5), 19301: (2, 2), 19315: (1, 1), 19329: (0, 127), 19343: (0, 0), 19357: (0, 6), 19371: (1, 2), 19385: (1, 0), 19399: (1, 0), 19413: (1, 1), 19427: (1, 4), 19441: (2, 1), 19455: (1, 0), 19469: (2, 0), 19483: (2, 6), 19497: (2, 1), 19511: (2, 1), 19525: (1, 127), 19539: (2, 1), 19553: (2, 1), 19567: (2, 0), 19581: (1, 0), 19595: (1, 0), 19609: (0, 3), 19623: (1, 0), 19637: (1, 0), 19651: (1, 127), 19665: (1, 6), 19679: (0, 127), 19693: (1, 126), 19707: (1, 126), 19721: (0, 3), 19735: (0, 1), 19749: (1, 0), 19763: (0, 127), 19777: (0, 0), 19791: (0, 3), 19805: (0, 127), 19819: (1, 127), 19833: (1, 0), 19847: (1, 5), 19861: (0, 0), 19875: (255, 127), 19889: (0, 127), 19903: (1, 5), 19917: (1, 0), 19931: (0, 127), 19945: (0, 127), 19959: (0, 5), 19973: (1, 1), 19987: (1, 0), 20001: (1, 0), 20015: (0, 1), 20029: (0, 2), 20043: (0, 0), 20057: (1, 0), 20071: (0, 127), 20085: (0, 5), 20099: (1, 0), 20113: (0, 127), 20127: (0, 127), 20141: (0, 1), 20155: (0, 1), 20169: (0, 127), 20183: (0, 127), 20197: (0, 1), 20211: (0, 1), 20225: (255, 127), 20239: (0, 0), 20253: (1, 2), 20267: (0, 1), 20281: (0, 127), 20295: (1, 127), 20309: (1, 1), 20323: (1, 3), 20337: (0, 127), 20351: (0, 0), 20365: (0, 0), 20379: (0, 5), 20393: (0, 0), 20407: (0, 1), 20421: (0, 0), 20435: (0, 6), 20449: (0, 0), 20463: (0, 0), 20477: (1, 1), 20491: (2, 5), 20505: (2, 3), 20519: (0, 0), 20533: (0, 0), 20547: (0, 2), 20561: (1, 3), 20575: (0, 1), 20589: (0, 1), 20603: (0, 0), 20617: (0, 5), 20631: (0, 1), 20645: (0, 1), 20659: (0, 1), 20673: (0, 6), 20687: (0, 1), 20701: (0, 0), 20715: (0, 127), 20729: (0, 4), 20743: (1, 2), 20757: (1, 1), 20771: (0, 1), 20785: (0, 1), 20799: (0, 3), 20813: (0, 1), 20827: (0, 1), 20841: (0, 1), 20855: (0, 6), 20869: (255, 1), 20883: (255, 1), 20897: (0, 0), 20911: (1, 7), 20925: (0, 1), 20939: (255, 0), 20953: (255, 127), 20967: (0, 4), 20981: (0, 1), 20995: (0, 0), 21009: (255, 127), 21023: (0, 3), 21037: (0, 1), 21051: (0, 0), 21065: (0, 127), 21079: (255, 127), 21093: (0, 4), 21107: (0, 0), 21121: (0, 0), 21135: (254, 127), 21149: (255, 5), 21163: (0, 1), 21177: (0, 0), 21191: (255, 0), 21205: (255, 2), 21219: (255, 1), 21233: (0, 2), 21247: (0, 1), 21261: (0, 0), 21275: (0, 6), 21289: (1, 1), 21303: (1, 1), 21317: (2, 1), 21331: (1, 4), 21345: (2, 4), 21359: (2, 2), 21373: (1, 1), 21387: (0, 1), 21401: (0, 6), 21415: (1, 1), 21429: (1, 0), 21443: (1, 0), 21457: (0, 5), 21471: (0, 0), 21485: (1, 127), 21499: (1, 0), 21513: (1, 3), 21527: (0, 2), 21541: (0, 0), 21555: (1, 0), 21569: (0, 0), 21583: (0, 5), 21597: (0, 0), 21611: (0, 0), 21625: (0, 127), 21639: (1, 7), 21653: (1, 0), 21667: (1, 0), 21681: (1, 126), 21695: (2, 4), 21709: (2, 1), 21723: (1, 2), 21737: (0, 0), 21751: (1, 5), 21765: (2, 2), 21779: (2, 1), 21793: (1, 0), 21807: (0, 3), 21821: (2, 4), 21835: (2, 0), 21849: (2, 0), 21863: (2, 0), 21877: (2, 4), 21891: (1, 1), 21905: (1, 0), 21919: (1, 0), 21933: (1, 4), 21947: (1, 0), 21961: (1, 127), 21975: (2, 0), 21989: (1, 3), 22003: (2, 127), 22017: (1, 127), 22031: (1, 0), 22045: (2, 5), 22059: (2, 1), 22073: (1, 0), 22087: (1, 0), 22101: (2, 5), 22115: (2, 1), 22129: (0, 0), 22143: (0, 2), 22157: (1, 2), 22171: (1, 127), 22185: (0, 126), 22199: (0, 2), 22213: (1, 127), 22227: (0, 126), 22241: (0, 126), 22255: (0, 3), 22269: (1, 0), 22283: (1, 126), 22297: (1, 0), 22311: (1, 5), 22325: (0, 0), 22339: (255, 127), 22353: (0, 127), 22367: (0, 4), 22381: (0, 0), 22395: (0, 127), 22409: (1, 0), 22423: (1, 4), 22437: (0, 0), 22451: (0, 127), 22465: (1, 127), 22479: (1, 5), 22493: (1, 1), 22507: (1, 0), 22521: (0, 127), 22535: (0, 4), 22549: (1, 1), 22563: (2, 0), 22577: (2, 127), 22591: (0, 2), 22605: (1, 126), 22619: (2, 126), 22633: (2, 127), 22647: (0, 3), 22661: (1, 1), 22675: (1, 0), 22689: (1, 0), 22703: (1, 3), 22717: (1, 2), 22731: (1, 0), 22745: (1, 0), 22759: (1, 4), 22773: (2, 1), 22787: (1, 127), 22801: (0, 126), 22815: (1, 3), 22829: (1, 126), 22843: (1, 125), 22857: (0, 126), 22871: (0, 0), 22885: (0, 1), 22899: (0, 127), 22913: (0, 127), 22927: (0, 0), 22941: (1, 2), 22955: (1, 0), 22969: (1, 127), 22983: (0, 127), 22997: (0, 5), 23011: (1, 2), 23025: (1, 1), 23039: (1, 1), 23053: (0, 7), 23067: (0, 1), 23081: (0, 0), 23095: (1, 0), 23109: (1, 6), 23123: (1, 1), 23137: (1, 1), 23151: (1, 0), 23165: (1, 3), 23179: (1, 1), 23193: (0, 127), 23207: (1, 127), 23221: (1, 127), 23235: (0, 5), 23249: (0, 1), 23263: (0, 0), 23277: (1, 0), 23291: (0, 5), 23305: (0, 1), 23319: (1, 0), 23333: (255, 0), 23347: (0, 3), 23361: (1, 1), 23375: (1, 0), 23389: (0, 0), 23403: (0, 1), 23417: (1, 1), 23431: (2, 127), 23445: (1, 126), 23459: (1, 127), 23473: (1, 2), 23487: (1, 127), 23501: (0, 127), 23515: (0, 127), 23529: (1, 3), 23543: (1, 127), 23557: (0, 127), 23571: (0, 127), 23585: (0, 5), 23599: (0, 127), 23613: (1, 127), 23627: (1, 126), 23641: (1, 5), 23655: (0, 0), 23669: (0, 127), 23683: (1, 127), 23697: (1, 4), 23711: (1, 1), 23725: (0, 0), 23739: (0, 0), 23753: (0, 3), 23767: (1, 2), 23781: (1, 0), 23795: (0, 127), 23809: (255, 0), 23823: (1, 3), 23837: (1, 0), 23851: (2, 1), 23865: (2, 0), 23879: (2, 5), 23893: (2, 0), 23907: (1, 0), 23921: (1, 127), 23935: (2, 6), 23949: (2, 0), 23963: (2, 0), 23977: (1, 127), 23991: (0, 6), 24005: (255, 1), 24019: (0, 1), 24033: (1, 0), 24047: (1, 7), 24061: (0, 1), 24075: (0, 0), 24089: (1, 1), 24103: (0, 6), 24117: (0, 1), 24131: (1, 0), 24145: (0, 127), 24159: (0, 4), 24173: (0, 0), 24187: (1, 0), 24201: (1, 0), 24215: (1, 3), 24229: (2, 1), 24243: (1, 126), 24257: (0, 125), 24271: (1, 126), 24285: (2, 4), 24299: (2, 1), 24313: (1, 126), 24327: (2, 127), 24341: (2, 5), 24355: (2, 0), 24369: (2, 0), 24383: (2, 127), 24397: (1, 5), 24411: (0, 127), 24425: (0, 127), 24439: (1, 0), 24453: (1, 5), 24467: (0, 1), 24481: (0, 0), 24495: (0, 0), 24509: (0, 4), 24523: (0, 1), 24537: (0, 126), 24551: (1, 126), 24565: (1, 2), 24579: (0, 0), 24593: (0, 127), 24607: (0, 126), 24621: (1, 0), 24635: (1, 3), 24649: (0, 1), 24663: (255, 127), 24677: (255, 127), 24691: (0, 5), 24705: (0, 0), 24719: (0, 0), 24733: (0, 0), 24747: (0, 6), 24761: (255, 0), 24775: (1, 0), 24789: (0, 127), 24803: (0, 6), 24817: (0, 0), 24831: (0, 0), 24845: (0, 127), 24859: (255, 4), 24873: (0, 1), 24887: (1, 0), 24901: (1, 127), 24915: (0, 1), 24929: (255, 1), 24943: (255, 127), 24957: (0, 127), 24971: (0, 127), 24985: (1, 4), 24999: (0, 0), 25013: (255, 127), 25027: (0, 0), 25041: (0, 6), 25055: (0, 1), 25069: (0, 0), 25083: (0, 0), 25097: (0, 5), 25111: (0, 2), 25125: (0, 0), 25139: (0, 1), 25153: (1, 5), 25167: (1, 2), 25181: (0, 0), 25195: (255, 0), 25209: (255, 2), 25223: (0, 3), 25237: (1, 1), 25251: (0, 1), 25265: (255, 127), 25279: (255, 4), 25293: (0, 0), 25307: (0, 127), 25321: (0, 126), 25335: (0, 5), 25349: (1, 0), 25363: (0, 0), 25377: (0, 0), 25391: (0, 2), 25405: (0, 3), 25419: (0, 1), 25433: (0, 1), 25447: (0, 1), 25461: (255, 6), 25475: (255, 1), 25489: (0, 1), 25503: (0, 1), 25517: (255, 5), 25531: (255, 1), 25545: (0, 0), 25559: (0, 0), 25573: (255, 0), 25587: (0, 3), 25601: (0, 127), 25615: (255, 127), 25629: (0, 127), 25643: (0, 5), 25657: (255, 0), 25671: (255, 0), 25685: (0, 0), 25699: (1, 4), 25713: (0, 1), 25727: (255, 126), 25741: (0, 126), 25755: (1, 127), 25769: (1, 3), 25783: (0, 127), 25797: (0, 126), 25811: (0, 126), 25825: (0, 4), 25839: (1, 0), 25853: (0, 127), 25867: (255, 127), 25881: (0, 1), 25895: (1, 1), 25909: (0, 127), 25923: (255, 126), 25937: (0, 126), 25951: (1, 5), 25965: (1, 127), 25979: (0, 126), 25993: (0, 126), 26007: (0, 3), 26021: (0, 0), 26035: (0, 126), 26049: (0, 127), 26063: (0, 2), 26077: (255, 1), 26091: (255, 127), 26105: (1, 0), 26119: (0, 0), 26133: (0, 4), 26147: (1, 0), 26161: (1, 0), 26175: (0, 1), 26189: (255, 6), 26203: (0, 1), 26217: (0, 1), 26231: (0, 0), 26245: (0, 2), 26259: (1, 3), 26273: (255, 0), 26287: (0, 0), 26301: (1, 0), 26315: (1, 6), 26329: (0, 1), 26343: (0, 1), 26357: (255, 0), 26371: (1, 5), 26385: (1, 0), 26399: (0, 126), 26413: (0, 126), 26427: (255, 3), 26441: (0, 127), 26455: (0, 126), 26469: (255, 126), 26483: (0, 1), 26497: (1, 2), 26511: (0, 127), 26525: (255, 127), 26539: (255, 126), 26553: (0, 5), 26567: (0, 0), 26581: (0, 0), 26595: (255, 127), 26609: (255, 3), 26623: (0, 1), 26637: (0, 0), 26651: (0, 127), 26665: (255, 127), 26679: (255, 127), 26693: (1, 4), 26707: (1, 1), 26721: (2, 2), 26735: (1, 0), 26749: (2, 0), 26763: (2, 7), 26777: (1, 2), 26791: (0, 0), 26805: (0, 0), 26819: (1, 126), 26833: (1, 5), 26847: (0, 127), 26861: (255, 126), 26875: (255, 126), 26889: (1, 127), 26903: (1, 2), 26917: (0, 127), 26931: (255, 126), 26945: (255, 127), 26959: (1, 5), 26973: (1, 1), 26987: (0, 0), 27001: (0, 127), 27015: (0, 3), 27029: (0, 2), 27043: (255, 127), 27057: (0, 0), 27071: (0, 0), 27085: (0, 4), 27099: (0, 0), 27113: (0, 0), 27127: (255, 127), 27141: (255, 6), 27155: (0, 0), 27169: (0, 0), 27183: (255, 127), 27197: (255, 5), 27211: (0, 0), 27225: (255, 127), 27239: (255, 127), 27253: (255, 5), 27267: (0, 1), 27281: (255, 0), 27295: (255, 127), 27309: (0, 4), 27323: (0, 1), 27337: (255, 127), 27351: (255, 127), 27365: (255, 0), 27379: (0, 4), 27393: (255, 1), 27407: (0, 1), 27421: (0, 1), 27435: (255, 7), 27449: (255, 2), 27463: (0, 1), 27477: (0, 0), 27491: (0, 1), 27505: (0, 6), 27519: (1, 2), 27533: (255, 1), 27547: (255, 1), 27561: (1, 1), 27575: (1, 6), 27589: (0, 1), 27603: (255, 1), 27617: (0, 0), 27631: (1, 1), 27645: (1, 1), 27659: (0, 127), 27673: (0, 127), 27687: (0, 1), 27701: (0, 7), 27715: (2, 1), 27729: (2, 1), 27743: (2, 2), 27757: (1, 7), 27771: (2, 4), 27785: (1, 2), 27799: (0, 1), 27813: (0, 5), 27827: (1, 3), 27841: (1, 2), 27855: (0, 1), 27869: (0, 3), 27883: (0, 3), 27897: (0, 1), 27911: (1, 1), 27925: (1, 1), 27939: (0, 5), 27953: (255, 1), 27967: (0, 0), 27981: (1, 1), 27995: (0, 6), 28009: (0, 1), 28023: (0, 0), 28037: (0, 127), 28051: (0, 4), 28065: (0, 1), 28079: (1, 1), 28093: (1, 0), 28107: (0, 1), 28121: (0, 5), 28135: (255, 0), 28149: (0, 1), 28163: (1, 0), 28177: (1, 4), 28191: (1, 2), 28205: (0, 127), 28219: (0, 127), 28233: (0, 127), 28247: (1, 3), 28261: (1, 127), 28275: (0, 126), 28289: (0, 126), 28303: (0, 5), 28317: (0, 127), 28331: (0, 0), 28345: (1, 127), 28359: (0, 4), 28373: (0, 0), 28387: (0, 127), 28401: (0, 127), 28415: (0, 4), 28429: (0, 0), 28443: (1, 0), 28457: (0, 127), 28471: (255, 2), 28485: (0, 0), 28499: (0, 127), 28513: (1, 127), 28527: (1, 1), 28541: (0, 2), 28555: (255, 127), 28569: (0, 126), 28583: (0, 0), 28597: (0, 4), 28611: (255, 0), 28625: (255, 127), 28639: (255, 127), 28653: (255, 4), 28667: (255, 127), 28681: (0, 127), 28695: (0, 127), 28709: (0, 5), 28723: (0, 0), 28737: (255, 127), 28751: (254, 127), 28765: (255, 5), 28779: (0, 1), 28793: (255, 0), 28807: (254, 127), 28821: (255, 3), 28835: (0, 2), 28849: (0, 0), 28863: (255, 127), 28877: (255, 127), 28891: (255, 6), 28905: (255, 0), 28919: (255, 127), 28933: (255, 127), 28947: (255, 127), 28961: (255, 3), 28975: (0, 0), 28989: (255, 127), 29003: (254, 127), 29017: (255, 127), 29031: (0, 5), 29045: (0, 1), 29059: (0, 1), 29073: (255, 0), 29087: (255, 1), 29101: (0, 4), 29115: (0, 3), 29129: (255, 1), 29143: (255, 0), 29157: (255, 0), 29171: (0, 1), 29185: (0, 6), 29199: (255, 1), 29213: (255, 1), 29227: (0, 0), 29241: (0, 1), 29255: (255, 6), 29269: (255, 1), 29283: (0, 0), 29297: (255, 0), 29311: (255, 0), 29325: (0, 5), 29339: (1, 0), 29353: (0, 127), 29367: (255, 1), 29381: (0, 3), 29395: (0, 2), 29409: (0, 1), 29423: (0, 0), 29437: (0, 1), 29451: (0, 6), 29465: (255, 1), 29479: (0, 1), 29493: (0, 1), 29507: (0, 4), 29521: (0, 3), 29535: (0, 1), 29549: (255, 1), 29563: (255, 0), 29577: (0, 7), 29591: (1, 2), 29605: (255, 0), 29619: (255, 127), 29633: (0, 4), 29647: (0, 2), 29661: (255, 0), 29675: (0, 0), 29689: (2, 0), 29703: (2, 4), 29717: (1, 0), 29731: (1, 0), 29745: (1, 0), 29759: (2, 6), 29773: (2, 1), 29787: (2, 1), 29801: (1, 0), 29815: (0, 6), 29829: (1, 0), 29843: (1, 0), 29857: (0, 0), 29871: (255, 6), 29885: (0, 2), 29899: (1, 1), 29913: (0, 1), 29927: (0, 5), 29941: (1, 1), 29955: (1, 1), 29969: (1, 0), 29983: (0, 5), 29997: (0, 0), 30011: (0, 127), 30025: (1, 127), 30039: (2, 5), 30053: (1, 126), 30067: (255, 126), 30081: (255, 126), 30095: (1, 4), 30109: (1, 0), 30123: (0, 127), 30137: (255, 127), 30151: (0, 3), 30165: (0, 127), 30179: (0, 127), 30193: (0, 1), 30207: (0, 1), 30221: (255, 127), 30235: (0, 127), 30249: (0, 1), 30263: (0, 2), 30277: (0, 1), 30291: (0, 1), 30305: (0, 1), 30319: (0, 4), 30333: (0, 1), 30347: (0, 0), 30361: (1, 1), 30375: (1, 4), 30389: (1, 1), 30403: (0, 1), 30417: (255, 1), 30431: (1, 6), 30445: (1, 2), 30459: (1, 1), 30473: (255, 1), 30487: (0, 5), 30501: (1, 1), 30515: (0, 127), 30529: (0, 127), 30543: (1, 5), 30557: (0, 0), 30571: (0, 0), 30585: (0, 0), 30599: (0, 5), 30613: (255, 1), 30627: (255, 0), 30641: (0, 0), 30655: (0, 0), 30669: (255, 2), 30683: (255, 127), 30697: (0, 0), 30711: (0, 0), 30725: (255, 6), 30739: (255, 0), 30753: (0, 0), 30767: (0, 0), 30781: (0, 1), 30795: (0, 3), 30809: (0, 0), 30823: (255, 0), 30837: (0, 0), 30851: (1, 6), 30865: (0, 2), 30879: (0, 1), 30893: (1, 1), 30907: (1, 3), 30921: (1, 5), 30935: (0, 2), 30949: (0, 2), 30963: (0, 1), 30977: (0, 6), 30991: (255, 1), 31005: (255, 1), 31019: (255, 0), 31033: (0, 6), 31047: (0, 1), 31061: (0, 0), 31075: (255, 0), 31089: (255, 2), 31103: (1, 2), 31117: (0, 0), 31131: (0, 1), 31145: (0, 2), 31159: (0, 3), 31173: (0, 1), 31187: (0, 0), 31201: (0, 0), 31215: (0, 4), 31229: (0, 1), 31243: (0, 0), 31257: (255, 0), 31271: (255, 6), 31285: (0, 2), 31299: (1, 1), 31313: (0, 1), 31327: (255, 6), 31341: (255, 2), 31355: (0, 1), 31369: (1, 1), 31383: (1, 6), 31397: (0, 1), 31411: (0, 0), 31425: (255, 0), 31439: (0, 5), 31453: (1, 1), 31467: (0, 0), 31481: (255, 0), 31495: (255, 5), 31509: (0, 1), 31523: (0, 0), 31537: (255, 127), 31551: (0, 3), 31565: (0, 2), 31579: (255, 0), 31593: (254, 127), 31607: (255, 1), 31621: (0, 2), 31635: (1, 0), 31649: (0, 0), 31663: (255, 0), 31677: (255, 2), 31691: (255, 0), 31705: (0, 0), 31719: (0, 1), 31733: (0, 6), 31747: (255, 1), 31761: (255, 1), 31775: (0, 0), 31789: (0, 7), 31803: (0, 2), 31817: (0, 1), 31831: (0, 0), 31845: (0, 6), 31859: (255, 1), 31873: (255, 1), 31887: (0, 1), 31901: (0, 4), 31915: (0, 2), 31929: (255, 1), 31943: (255, 1), 31957: (255, 2), 31971: (1, 4), 31985: (0, 1), 31999: (255, 1), 32013: (255, 1), 32027: (0, 7), 32041: (0, 1), 32055: (1, 1), 32069: (0, 0), 32083: (0, 6), 32097: (0, 2), 32111: (0, 1), 32125: (0, 1), 32139: (0, 2), 32153: (0, 3), 32167: (1, 2), 32181: (0, 1), 32195: (255, 0), 32209: (255, 6), 32223: (0, 1), 32237: (0, 0), 32251: (255, 0), 32265: (255, 6), 32279: (255, 0), 32293: (255, 0), 32307: (0, 0), 32321: (1, 6), 32335: (0, 2), 32349: (255, 0), 32363: (255, 0), 32377: (0, 3), 32391: (0, 2), 32405: (255, 0), 32419: (255, 0), 32433: (255, 0), 32447: (255, 6), 32461: (255, 0), 32475: (0, 0), 32489: (0, 1), 32503: (255, 5), 32517: (0, 1), 32531: (0, 1), 32545: (255, 1), 32559: (0, 1), 32573: (1, 7), 32587: (0, 1), 32601: (255, 1), 32615: (0, 1), 32629: (0, 2), 32643: (0, 4), 32657: (255, 2), 32671: (0, 1), 32685: (255, 1), 32699: (255, 8), 32713: (0, 2), 32727: (0, 2), 32741: (255, 2), 32755: (255, 1), 32769: (0, 5), 32783: (0, 2), 32797: (255, 1), 32811: (255, 1), 32825: (0, 6), 32839: (0, 3), 32853: (0, 1), 32867: (0, 1), 32881: (1, 5), 32895: (1, 3), 32909: (1, 3), 32923: (2, 2), 32937: (2, 1), 32951: (1, 4), 32965: (2, 2), 32979: (2, 1), 32993: (1, 127), 33007: (0, 4), 33021: (1, 1), 33035: (2, 2), 33049: (1, 1), 33063: (0, 6), 33077: (1, 2), 33091: (0, 0), 33105: (1, 0), 33119: (0, 6), 33133: (0, 1), 33147: (0, 0), 33161: (0, 0), 33175: (0, 3), 33189: (0, 3), 33203: (255, 1), 33217: (0, 1), 33231: (1, 1), 33245: (1, 3), 33259: (255, 0), 33273: (255, 127), 33287: (0, 2), 33301: (0, 2), 33315: (0, 0), 33329: (1, 0), 33343: (255, 3), 33357: (0, 1), 33371: (0, 0), 33385: (0, 0), 33399: (0, 0), 33413: (255, 2), 33427: (255, 0), 33441: (0, 0), 33455: (0, 0), 33469: (1, 4), 33483: (1, 0), 33497: (1, 0), 33511: (0, 127), 33525: (0, 6), 33539: (1, 2), 33553: (0, 1), 33567: (1, 1), 33581: (1, 7), 33595: (1, 2), 33609: (0, 1), 33623: (0, 1), 33637: (2, 7), 33651: (2, 1), 33665: (1, 0), 33679: (0, 0), 33693: (0, 6), 33707: (1, 1), 33721: (1, 1), 33735: (1, 0), 33749: (1, 6), 33763: (1, 1), 33777: (2, 0), 33791: (2, 0), 33805: (2, 5), 33819: (1, 1), 33833: (2, 1), 33847: (1, 0), 33861: (0, 6), 33875: (0, 1), 33889: (0, 0), 33903: (1, 1), 33917: (1, 4), 33931: (0, 1), 33945: (0, 127), 33959: (0, 126), 33973: (0, 127), 33987: (1, 4), 34001: (0, 0), 34015: (255, 127), 34029: (0, 2), 34043: (1, 4), 34057: (1, 1), 34071: (255, 0), 34085: (255, 2), 34099: (0, 3), 34113: (1, 1), 34127: (0, 126), 34141: (0, 127), 34155: (1, 3), 34169: (2, 1), 34183: (1, 0), 34197: (0, 0), 34211: (0, 5), 34225: (255, 1), 34239: (1, 1), 34253: (1, 1), 34267: (0, 6), 34281: (0, 1), 34295: (1, 0), 34309: (1, 0), 34323: (1, 4), 34337: (1, 1), 34351: (0, 126), 34365: (1, 125), 34379: (1, 0), 34393: (1, 126), 34407: (1, 126), 34421: (1, 126), 34435: (0, 3), 34449: (0, 1), 34463: (0, 0), 34477: (0, 127), 34491: (1, 1), 34505: (2, 3), 34519: (1, 1), 34533: (0, 1), 34547: (0, 0), 34561: (1, 6), 34575: (1, 2), 34589: (0, 1), 34603: (0, 1), 34617: (0, 7), 34631: (0, 2), 34645: (0, 1), 34659: (0, 1), 34673: (0, 6), 34687: (0, 2), 34701: (0, 2), 34715: (0, 1), 34729: (0, 5), 34743: (1, 2), 34757: (1, 1), 34771: (1, 0), 34785: (0, 4), 34799: (0, 1), 34813: (0, 0), 34827: (1, 0), 34841: (1, 5), 34855: (0, 1), 34869: (0, 0), 34883: (255, 0), 34897: (0, 5), 34911: (1, 1), 34925: (1, 0), 34939: (0, 127), 34953: (0, 5), 34967: (255, 1), 34981: (0, 0), 34995: (0, 127), 35009: (0, 6), 35023: (0, 1), 35037: (255, 0), 35051: (255, 0), 35065: (255, 6), 35079: (255, 1), 35093: (255, 1), 35107: (0, 0), 35121: (255, 6), 35135: (254, 1), 35149: (254, 0), 35163: (255, 0), 35177: (0, 5), 35191: (0, 2), 35205: (255, 1), 35219: (0, 0), 35233: (0, 5), 35247: (0, 2), 35261: (0, 1), 35275: (0, 1), 35289: (0, 5), 35303: (0, 3), 35317: (0, 1), 35331: (0, 0), 35345: (0, 4), 35359: (2, 3), 35373: (2, 1), 35387: (1, 127), 35401: (0, 1), 35415: (1, 4), 35429: (2, 1), 35443: (2, 1), 35457: (1, 1), 35471: (0, 5), 35485: (255, 1), 35499: (0, 0), 35513: (1, 1), 35527: (1, 7), 35541: (0, 1), 35555: (255, 1), 35569: (0, 2), 35583: (0, 7), 35597: (0, 2), 35611: (0, 2), 35625: (1, 1), 35639: (0, 8), 35653: (255, 2), 35667: (255, 1), 35681: (0, 2), 35695: (1, 7), 35709: (0, 3), 35723: (0, 1), 35737: (0, 1), 35751: (0, 4), 35765: (1, 3), 35779: (1, 1), 35793: (0, 0), 35807: (255, 3), 35821: (0, 2), 35835: (0, 1), 35849: (255, 0), 35863: (0, 3), 35877: (0, 2), 35891: (0, 1), 35905: (255, 1), 35919: (0, 1), 35933: (1, 4), 35947: (0, 0), 35961: (255, 0), 35975: (255, 127), 35989: (0, 5), 36003: (255, 1), 36017: (0, 0), 36031: (0, 0), 36045: (0, 2), 36059: (255, 1), 36073: (255, 1), 36087: (0, 0), 36101: (0, 0), 36115: (0, 7), 36129: (0, 1), 36143: (0, 1), 36157: (255, 1), 36171: (0, 4), 36185: (0, 4), 36199: (255, 1), 36213: (255, 1), 36227: (0, 1), 36241: (1, 5), 36255: (0, 0), 36269: (0, 126), 36283: (1, 127), 36297: (1, 3), 36311: (0, 1), 36325: (1, 0), 36339: (1, 0), 36353: (0, 0), 36367: (0, 4), 36381: (0, 1), 36395: (0, 0), 36409: (0, 0), 36423: (0, 5), 36437: (1, 1), 36451: (1, 0), 36465: (0, 126), 36479: (0, 126), 36493: (1, 4), 36507: (0, 0), 36521: (1, 1), 36535: (1, 1), 36549: (0, 6), 36563: (255, 1), 36577: (0, 0), 36591: (0, 0), 36605: (255, 4), 36619: (255, 1), 36633: (255, 0), 36647: (0, 0), 36661: (255, 0), 36675: (0, 5), 36689: (0, 1), 36703: (0, 2), 36717: (0, 0), 36731: (0, 5), 36745: (1, 2), 36759: (0, 1), 36773: (0, 1), 36787: (0, 1), 36801: (0, 4), 36815: (255, 1), 36829: (0, 1), 36843: (1, 1), 36857: (1, 7), 36871: (255, 1), 36885: (255, 0), 36899: (0, 126), 36913: (255, 4), 36927: (255, 127), 36941: (0, 127), 36955: (1, 0), 36969: (0, 127), 36983: (0, 5), 36997: (1, 127), 37011: (1, 127), 37025: (1, 0), 37039: (1, 5), 37053: (1, 1), 37067: (0, 0), 37081: (255, 127), 37095: (0, 3), 37109: (1, 2), 37123: (0, 0), 37137: (255, 0), 37151: (255, 0), 37165: (1, 6), 37179: (2, 2), 37193: (1, 2), 37207: (0, 1), 37221: (0, 7), 37235: (0, 0), 37249: (1, 127), 37263: (0, 127), 37277: (0, 5), 37291: (0, 0), 37305: (0, 127), 37319: (255, 127), 37333: (255, 3), 37347: (0, 1), 37361: (0, 0), 37375: (0, 127), 37389: (255, 3), 37403: (255, 1), 37417: (255, 127), 37431: (0, 1), 37445: (1, 5), 37459: (1, 3), 37473: (0, 1), 37487: (255, 127), 37501: (255, 1), 37515: (0, 4), 37529: (0, 2), 37543: (255, 1), 37557: (0, 2), 37571: (0, 5), 37585: (0, 2), 37599: (255, 1), 37613: (0, 1), 37627: (1, 7), 37641: (0, 2), 37655: (0, 2), 37669: (0, 2), 37683: (0, 6), 37697: (1, 2), 37711: (1, 1), 37725: (0, 1), 37739: (255, 7), 37753: (0, 2), 37767: (0, 1), 37781: (0, 1), 37795: (255, 7), 37809: (0, 2), 37823: (0, 1), 37837: (0, 1), 37851: (0, 8), 37865: (0, 2), 37879: (0, 1), 37893: (0, 2), 37907: (1, 6), 37921: (1, 2), 37935: (0, 1), 37949: (0, 0), 37963: (2, 1), 37977: (1, 5), 37991: (0, 2), 38005: (255, 0), 38019: (0, 1), 38033: (0, 1), 38047: (0, 2), 38061: (1, 1), 38075: (0, 127), 38089: (0, 126), 38103: (1, 125), 38117: (1, 2), 38131: (1, 126), 38145: (0, 124), 38159: (1, 123), 38173: (1, 126), 38187: (0, 0), 38201: (0, 127), 38215: (1, 127), 38229: (1, 0), 38243: (0, 2), 38257: (0, 127), 38271: (0, 0), 38285: (0, 127), 38299: (0, 4), 38313: (1, 0), 38327: (1, 0), 38341: (0, 126), 38355: (255, 3), 38369: (1, 127), 38383: (1, 126), 38397: (1, 125), 38411: (0, 1), 38425: (0, 125), 38439: (0, 126), 38453: (0, 126), 38467: (1, 1), 38481: (1, 0), 38495: (0, 126), 38509: (0, 126), 38523: (0, 0), 38537: (0, 5), 38551: (1, 1), 38565: (1, 0), 38579: (0, 0), 38593: (0, 4), 38607: (255, 1), 38621: (0, 0), 38635: (1, 0), 38649: (1, 3), 38663: (0, 2), 38677: (255, 1), 38691: (0, 1), 38705: (0, 1), 38719: (1, 5), 38733: (1, 1), 38747: (1, 126), 38761: (1, 125), 38775: (2, 2), 38789: (3, 125), 38803: (2, 124), 38817: (1, 125), 38831: (1, 2), 38845: (1, 127), 38859: (0, 127), 38873: (0, 127), 38887: (1, 2), 38901: (1, 1), 38915: (0, 0), 38929: (1, 0), 38943: (0, 127), 38957: (0, 3), 38971: (1, 0), 38985: (1, 0), 38999: (0, 127), 39013: (255, 4), 39027: (0, 1), 39041: (1, 1), 39055: (0, 0), 39069: (255, 6), 39083: (255, 1), 39097: (255, 1), 39111: (255, 0), 39125: (0, 5), 39139: (1, 1), 39153: (0, 1), 39167: (255, 0), 39181: (1, 1), 39195: (0, 4), 39209: (255, 1), 39223: (0, 1), 39237: (0, 1), 39251: (1, 6), 39265: (255, 1), 39279: (255, 0), 39293: (0, 1), 39307: (1, 7), 39321: (0, 1), 39335: (0, 1), 39349: (255, 0), 39363: (255, 7), 39377: (0, 2), 39391: (1, 2), 39405: (0, 1), 39419: (255, 6), 39433: (0, 2), 39447: (0, 1), 39461: (0, 1), 39475: (255, 4), 39489: (0, 2), 39503: (0, 1), 39517: (255, 0), 39531: (0, 2), 39545: (0, 2), 39559: (1, 0), 39573: (0, 0), 39587: (255, 1), 39601: (0, 6), 39615: (255, 1), 39629: (0, 2), 39643: (1, 1), 39657: (0, 7), 39671: (255, 2), 39685: (255, 1), 39699: (0, 1), 39713: (0, 7), 39727: (255, 2), 39741: (255, 2), 39755: (0, 1), 39769: (0, 7), 39783: (0, 3), 39797: (0, 2), 39811: (0, 1), 39825: (255, 4), 39839: (0, 2), 39853: (0, 0), 39867: (255, 0), 39881: (255, 3), 39895: (0, 2), 39909: (2, 1), 39923: (1, 0), 39937: (0, 3), 39951: (0, 2), 39965: (0, 1), 39979: (0, 0), 39993: (255, 1), 40007: (255, 4), 40021: (0, 2), 40035: (255, 1), 40049: (0, 0), 40063: (255, 6), 40077: (255, 1), 40091: (255, 1), 40105: (255, 0), 40119: (0, 1), 40133: (0, 6), 40147: (255, 1), 40161: (255, 0), 40175: (255, 0), 40189: (255, 0), 40203: (255, 5), 40217: (0, 2), 40231: (0, 2), 40245: (255, 1), 40259: (255, 2), 40273: (255, 5), 40287: (255, 2), 40301: (0, 2), 40315: (0, 1), 40329: (255, 3), 40343: (0, 3), 40357: (0, 2), 40371: (0, 1), 40385: (0, 2), 40399: (255, 3), 40413: (0, 3), 40427: (0, 1), 40441: (0, 1), 40455: (0, 0), 40469: (0, 3), 40483: (0, 2), 40497: (0, 1), 40511: (0, 0), 40525: (255, 127), 40539: (255, 3), 40553: (0, 0), 40567: (1, 127), 40581: (0, 127), 40595: (0, 126), 40609: (0, 5), 40623: (1, 127), 40637: (1, 127), 40651: (1, 127), 40665: (0, 1), 40679: (0, 1), 40693: (0, 0), 40707: (0, 127), 40721: (0, 127), 40735: (0, 5), 40749: (0, 0), 40763: (255, 127), 40777: (255, 127), 40791: (255, 2), 40805: (0, 1), 40819: (1, 126), 40833: (1, 126), 40847: (0, 126), 40861: (255, 5), 40875: (0, 0), 40889: (0, 127), 40903: (1, 127), 40917: (1, 3), 40931: (1, 1), 40945: (0, 127), 40959: (255, 127), 40973: (0, 127), 40987: (1, 5), 41001: (0, 0), 41015: (255, 127), 41029: (255, 127), 41043: (255, 3), 41057: (255, 1), 41071: (255, 0), 41085: (0, 0), 41099: (0, 0), 41113: (0, 4), 41127: (0, 1), 41141: (255, 1), 41155: (0, 1), 41169: (1, 6), 41183: (1, 2), 41197: (255, 1), 41211: (255, 1), 41225: (0, 4), 41239: (1, 4), 41253: (0, 2), 41267: (255, 0), 41281: (0, 127), 41295: (0, 6), 41309: (0, 1), 41323: (255, 0), 41337: (0, 1), 41351: (0, 5), 41365: (0, 3), 41379: (0, 1), 41393: (0, 1), 41407: (255, 3), 41421: (0, 4), 41435: (0, 1), 41449: (0, 1), 41463: (255, 1), 41477: (255, 6), 41491: (255, 1), 41505: (0, 1), 41519: (0, 2), 41533: (255, 6), 41547: (255, 2), 41561: (255, 1), 41575: (0, 1), 41589: (0, 1), 41603: (0, 3), 41617: (255, 1), 41631: (0, 1), 41645: (0, 0), 41659: (255, 6), 41673: (255, 2), 41687: (0, 0), 41701: (1, 0), 41715: (0, 4), 41729: (255, 2), 41743: (0, 0), 41757: (0, 126), 41771: (0, 126), 41785: (0, 5), 41799: (0, 0), 41813: (255, 127), 41827: (255, 127), 41841: (0, 2), 41855: (0, 3), 41869: (255, 1), 41883: (255, 0), 41897: (0, 1), 41911: (0, 7), 41925: (0, 1), 41939: (0, 0), 41953: (255, 0), 41967: (255, 3), 41981: (255, 3), 41995: (0, 1), 42009: (255, 0), 42023: (255, 0), 42037: (255, 6), 42051: (255, 1), 42065: (255, 0), 42079: (254, 0), 42093: (255, 2), 42107: (0, 3), 42121: (255, 1), 42135: (254, 0), 42149: (255, 0), 42163: (255, 6), 42177: (0, 1), 42191: (255, 0), 42205: (0, 1), 42219: (255, 3), 42233: (255, 4), 42247: (0, 2), 42261: (0, 1), 42275: (255, 1), 42289: (255, 5), 42303: (0, 2), 42317: (0, 2), 42331: (255, 1), 42345: (255, 1), 42359: (0, 7), 42373: (0, 2), 42387: (255, 0), 42401: (0, 0), 42415: (0, 127), 42429: (0, 5), 42443: (0, 2), 42457: (0, 1), 42471: (255, 1), 42485: (254, 7), 42499: (255, 3), 42513: (0, 2), 42527: (0, 2), 42541: (255, 4), 42555: (255, 4), 42569: (255, 2), 42583: (0, 3), 42597: (255, 2), 42611: (0, 8), 42625: (255, 2), 42639: (255, 2), 42653: (0, 2), 42667: (1, 4), 42681: (2, 3), 42695: (1, 0), 42709: (1, 0), 42723: (1, 0), 42737: (0, 5), 42751: (0, 0), 42765: (1, 1), 42779: (1, 1), 42793: (1, 6), 42807: (1, 2), 42821: (255, 0), 42835: (0, 0), 42849: (1, 1), 42863: (1, 5), 42877: (0, 1), 42891: (0, 0), 42905: (0, 0), 42919: (0, 4), 42933: (0, 1), 42947: (0, 0), 42961: (1, 126), 42975: (1, 126), 42989: (1, 1), 43003: (0, 125), 43017: (1, 126), 43031: (2, 124), 43045: (1, 1), 43059: (1, 1), 43073: (0, 127), 43087: (255, 0), 43101: (0, 1), 43115: (1, 3), 43129: (0, 0), 43143: (0, 0), 43157: (0, 0), 43171: (0, 5), 43185: (0, 1), 43199: (255, 0), 43213: (0, 0), 43227: (0, 6), 43241: (0, 1), 43255: (0, 0), 43269: (0, 127), 43283: (0, 6), 43297: (0, 1), 43311: (0, 0), 43325: (0, 1), 43339: (255, 6), 43353: (255, 1), 43367: (0, 0), 43381: (1, 0), 43395: (0, 6), 43409: (255, 0), 43423: (0, 0), 43437: (0, 0), 43451: (255, 5), 43465: (0, 1), 43479: (0, 0), 43493: (255, 0), 43507: (0, 4), 43521: (1, 2), 43535: (1, 1), 43549: (0, 0), 43563: (0, 2), 43577: (1, 4), 43591: (0, 1), 43605: (255, 0), 43619: (255, 1), 43633: (1, 5), 43647: (0, 1), 43661: (255, 0), 43675: (255, 0), 43689: (255, 6), 43703: (255, 1), 43717: (254, 0), 43731: (255, 0), 43745: (255, 5), 43759: (255, 1), 43773: (255, 0), 43787: (255, 0), 43801: (254, 1), 43815: (254, 2), 43829: (255, 0), 43843: (0, 0), 43857: (255, 127), 43871: (254, 5), 43885: (255, 2), 43899: (255, 2), 43913: (255, 1), 43927: (255, 1), 43941: (255, 7), 43955: (255, 2), 43969: (0, 3), 43983: (0, 1), 43997: (255, 1), 44011: (255, 7), 44025: (0, 3), 44039: (0, 2), 44053: (255, 2), 44067: (255, 3), 44081: (255, 5), 44095: (0, 3), 44109: (0, 2), 44123: (0, 1), 44137: (255, 6), 44151: (255, 2), 44165: (255, 1), 44179: (0, 1), 44193: (0, 1), 44207: (0, 6), 44221: (255, 2), 44235: (0, 2), 44249: (255, 1), 44263: (255, 7), 44277: (0, 3), 44291: (0, 2), 44305: (0, 2), 44319: (255, 5), 44333: (255, 3), 44347: (255, 1), 44361: (255, 1), 44375: (255, 4), 44389: (255, 3), 44403: (255, 1), 44417: (254, 0), 44431: (255, 1), 44445: (0, 3), 44459: (0, 0), 44473: (255, 127), 44487: (255, 126), 44501: (255, 4), 44515: (255, 0), 44529: (255, 0), 44543: (255, 0), 44557: (255, 6), 44571: (255, 1), 44585: (255, 0), 44599: (255, 0), 44613: (255, 6), 44627: (0, 2), 44641: (255, 1), 44655: (255, 1), 44669: (254, 6), 44683: (254, 1), 44697: (0, 2), 44711: (0, 1), 44725: (0, 1), 44739: (255, 7), 44753: (254, 2), 44767: (255, 1), 44781: (0, 1), 44795: (0, 6), 44809: (0, 4), 44823: (255, 2), 44837: (255, 1), 44851: (255, 2), 44865: (255, 7), 44879: (255, 2), 44893: (0, 2), 44907: (0, 2), 44921: (255, 6), 44935: (255, 3), 44949: (255, 3), 44963: (0, 2), 44977: (0, 2), 44991: (255, 7), 45005: (255, 2), 45019: (255, 2), 45033: (0, 2), 45047: (1, 5), 45061: (1, 5), 45075: (0, 2), 45089: (1, 1), 45103: (2, 2), 45117: (2, 8), 45131: (1, 3), 45145: (1, 1), 45159: (2, 0), 45173: (1, 7), 45187: (0, 2), 45201: (0, 1), 45215: (0, 2), 45229: (0, 5), 45243: (0, 3), 45257: (0, 2), 45271: (0, 1), 45285: (0, 2), 45299: (1, 4), 45313: (1, 1), 45327: (255, 0), 45341: (255, 127), 45355: (1, 4), 45369: (1, 127), 45383: (0, 127), 45397: (255, 0), 45411: (0, 6), 45425: (0, 1), 45439: (255, 0), 45453: (255, 0), 45467: (0, 6), 45481: (255, 1), 45495: (255, 0), 45509: (0, 127), 45523: (0, 4), 45537: (255, 1), 45551: (255, 0), 45565: (1, 1), 45579: (1, 1), 45593: (255, 6), 45607: (0, 2), 45621: (1, 2), 45635: (1, 2), 45649: (1, 5), 45663: (0, 3), 45677: (0, 1), 45691: (255, 0), 45705: (0, 2), 45719: (1, 3), 45733: (0, 1), 45747: (255, 0), 45761: (0, 0), 45775: (1, 4), 45789: (0, 1), 45803: (255, 1), 45817: (0, 1), 45831: (0, 6), 45845: (255, 1), 45859: (255, 1), 45873: (0, 0), 45887: (1, 7), 45901: (0, 2), 45915: (255, 1), 45929: (255, 1), 45943: (255, 6), 45957: (0, 2), 45971: (0, 2), 45985: (0, 1), 45999: (255, 4), 46013: (255, 3), 46027: (0, 1), 46041: (0, 1), 46055: (0, 1), 46069: (255, 4), 46083: (255, 1), 46097: (255, 0), 46111: (255, 127), 46125: (255, 5), 46139: (0, 1), 46153: (0, 1), 46167: (0, 0), 46181: (0, 4), 46195: (0, 2), 46209: (255, 0), 46223: (0, 0), 46237: (1, 1), 46251: (0, 4), 46265: (255, 0), 46279: (255, 0), 46293: (0, 0), 46307: (0, 7), 46321: (1, 3), 46335: (1, 1), 46349: (0, 0), 46363: (0, 0), 46377: (1, 4), 46391: (1, 2), 46405: (0, 2), 46419: (0, 1), 46433: (1, 6), 46447: (0, 2), 46461: (255, 1), 46475: (0, 1), 46489: (1, 2), 46503: (0, 3), 46517: (0, 3), 46531: (255, 2), 46545: (0, 2), 46559: (255, 1), 46573: (0, 6), 46587: (0, 2), 46601: (255, 1), 46615: (255, 1), 46629: (1, 1), 46643: (1, 5), 46657: (0, 1), 46671: (0, 0), 46685: (1, 1), 46699: (1, 5), 46713: (0, 0), 46727: (0, 127), 46741: (1, 127), 46755: (0, 0), 46769: (0, 5), 46783: (1, 1), 46797: (0, 1), 46811: (255, 1), 46825: (0, 7), 46839: (1, 3), 46853: (0, 2), 46867: (255, 1), 46881: (0, 6), 46895: (1, 2), 46909: (0, 1), 46923: (255, 1), 46937: (255, 3), 46951: (1, 4), 46965: (0, 1), 46979: (0, 0), 46993: (0, 1), 47007: (0, 5), 47021: (255, 2), 47035: (0, 1), 47049: (0, 0), 47063: (255, 5), 47077: (255, 0), 47091: (0, 0), 47105: (0, 0), 47119: (255, 6), 47133: (0, 1), 47147: (0, 1), 47161: (0, 0), 47175: (0, 5), 47189: (1, 127), 47203: (2, 127), 47217: (2, 126), 47231: (2, 2), 47245: (2, 125), 47259: (0, 126), 47273: (0, 126), 47287: (0, 4), 47301: (1, 1), 47315: (0, 1), 47329: (255, 0), 47343: (255, 3), 47357: (0, 3), 47371: (0, 2), 47385: (0, 1), 47399: (0, 1), 47413: (0, 5), 47427: (0, 2), 47441: (0, 1), 47455: (255, 1), 47469: (0, 6), 47483: (0, 2), 47497: (0, 1), 47511: (255, 2), 47525: (255, 4), 47539: (255, 1), 47553: (0, 1), 47567: (0, 1), 47581: (255, 4), 47595: (254, 1), 47609: (255, 0), 47623: (0, 1), 47637: (1, 6), 47651: (0, 2), 47665: (255, 1), 47679: (255, 1), 47693: (0, 8), 47707: (0, 2), 47721: (0, 2), 47735: (0, 1), 47749: (0, 8), 47763: (0, 3), 47777: (255, 2), 47791: (255, 1), 47805: (0, 8), 47819: (0, 3), 47833: (0, 2), 47847: (255, 1), 47861: (255, 8), 47875: (0, 3), 47889: (255, 2), 47903: (0, 2), 47917: (0, 8), 47931: (0, 3), 47945: (255, 1), 47959: (255, 1), 47973: (0, 8), 47987: (0, 3), 48001: (0, 2), 48015: (0, 2), 48029: (0, 6), 48043: (0, 1), 48057: (255, 1), 48071: (0, 1), 48085: (0, 6), 48099: (0, 2), 48113: (0, 1), 48127: (0, 1), 48141: (255, 6), 48155: (0, 2), 48169: (1, 1), 48183: (0, 1), 48197: (255, 5), 48211: (255, 1), 48225: (0, 0), 48239: (0, 0), 48253: (255, 5), 48267: (255, 1), 48281: (0, 0), 48295: (0, 127), 48309: (255, 3), 48323: (255, 2), 48337: (255, 1), 48351: (255, 0), 48365: (255, 2), 48379: (0, 3), 48393: (255, 1), 48407: (254, 0), 48421: (255, 0), 48435: (0, 5), 48449: (255, 1), 48463: (254, 0), 48477: (255, 0), 48491: (255, 8), 48505: (0, 3), 48519: (255, 2), 48533: (255, 2), 48547: (254, 1), 48561: (255, 5), 48575: (0, 2), 48589: (0, 2), 48603: (255, 1), 48617: (255, 5), 48631: (0, 3), 48645: (0, 3), 48659: (255, 1), 48673: (255, 1), 48687: (0, 8), 48701: (0, 4), 48715: (0, 3), 48729: (255, 2), 48743: (0, 6), 48757: (0, 4), 48771: (0, 3), 48785: (0, 2), 48799: (255, 1), 48813: (0, 5), 48827: (1, 2), 48841: (0, 2), 48855: (0, 1), 48869: (0, 7), 48883: (0, 2), 48897: (0, 1), 48911: (0, 1), 48925: (0, 5), 48939: (0, 2), 48953: (0, 0), 48967: (255, 0), 48981: (255, 0), 48995: (255, 6), 49009: (255, 1), 49023: (0, 1), 49037: (0, 0), 49051: (255, 6), 49065: (254, 1), 49079: (255, 1), 49093: (1, 2), 49107: (0, 5), 49121: (0, 1), 49135: (0, 1), 49149: (1, 2), 49163: (1, 6), 49177: (1, 3), 49191: (1, 2), 49205: (0, 127), 49219: (0, 5), 49233: (1, 2), 49247: (0, 0), 49261: (0, 0), 49275: (0, 5), 49289: (1, 2), 49303: (0, 0), 49317: (255, 0), 49331: (255, 4), 49345: (1, 2), 49359: (1, 1), 49373: (0, 0), 49387: (255, 4), 49401: (0, 2), 49415: (255, 0), 49429: (255, 0), 49443: (0, 1), 49457: (255, 2), 49471: (254, 0), 49485: (255, 127), 49499: (255, 127), 49513: (0, 3), 49527: (255, 127), 49541: (255, 126), 49555: (255, 127), 49569: (255, 5), 49583: (255, 0), 49597: (255, 127), 49611: (255, 127), 49625: (255, 5), 49639: (255, 0), 49653: (255, 0), 49667: (255, 0), 49681: (0, 1), 49695: (0, 6), 49709: (0, 2), 49723: (254, 0), 49737: (254, 127), 49751: (255, 0), 49765: (0, 4), 49779: (255, 0), 49793: (254, 0), 49807: (254, 127), 49821: (255, 1), 49835: (1, 4), 49849: (1, 0), 49863: (0, 127), 49877: (1, 2), 49891: (1, 3), 49905: (1, 8), 49919: (0, 4), 49933: (255, 1), 49947: (0, 2), 49961: (0, 2), 49975: (255, 7), 49989: (255, 2), 50003: (255, 2), 50017: (0, 1), 50031: (0, 127), 50045: (0, 2), 50059: (0, 126), 50073: (1, 0), 50087: (2, 127), 50101: (2, 1), 50115: (2, 2), 50129: (1, 1), 50143: (0, 0), 50157: (1, 1), 50171: (1, 7), 50185: (0, 2), 50199: (0, 1), 50213: (0, 0), 50227: (0, 4), 50241: (1, 2), 50255: (1, 1), 50269: (0, 1), 50283: (0, 1), 50297: (1, 6), 50311: (2, 3), 50325: (1, 0), 50339: (0, 0), 50353: (1, 6), 50367: (3, 4), 50381: (2, 2), 50395: (0, 1), 50409: (0, 5), 50423: (1, 3), 50437: (0, 1), 50451: (255, 0), 50465: (0, 0), 50479: (0, 4), 50493: (0, 1), 50507: (1, 0), 50521: (0, 0), 50535: (255, 6), 50549: (255, 1), 50563: (0, 1), 50577: (1, 1), 50591: (0, 5), 50605: (0, 1), 50619: (1, 0), 50633: (1, 1), 50647: (0, 3), 50661: (255, 2), 50675: (1, 2), 50689: (0, 1), 50703: (0, 1), 50717: (0, 4), 50731: (255, 1), 50745: (0, 0), 50759: (1, 1), 50773: (1, 6), 50787: (0, 1), 50801: (255, 0), 50815: (0, 0), 50829: (0, 6), 50843: (0, 2), 50857: (0, 1), 50871: (0, 0), 50885: (0, 6), 50899: (255, 2), 50913: (255, 1), 50927: (0, 0), 50941: (0, 5), 50955: (0, 2), 50969: (255, 0), 50983: (255, 0), 50997: (0, 3), 51011: (1, 2), 51025: (1, 0), 51039: (1, 0), 51053: (1, 1), 51067: (0, 4), 51081: (0, 2), 51095: (1, 1), 51109: (0, 1), 51123: (0, 5), 51137: (255, 1), 51151: (255, 1), 51165: (255, 1), 51179: (0, 7), 51193: (0, 2), 51207: (0, 2), 51221: (0, 2), 51235: (0, 7), 51249: (0, 2), 51263: (0, 2), 51277: (1, 1), 51291: (0, 7), 51305: (0, 2), 51319: (0, 1), 51333: (0, 0), 51347: (0, 6), 51361: (1, 2), 51375: (0, 0), 51389: (0, 0), 51403: (255, 4), 51417: (0, 2), 51431: (0, 0), 51445: (1, 0), 51459: (255, 3), 51473: (255, 2), 51487: (0, 1), 51501: (0, 0), 51515: (255, 0), 51529: (0, 4), 51543: (0, 1), 51557: (0, 1), 51571: (255, 2), 51585: (255, 3), 51599: (0, 1), 51613: (0, 0), 51627: (0, 0), 51641: (1, 7), 51655: (0, 3), 51669: (255, 1), 51683: (0, 2), 51697: (1, 7), 51711: (1, 2), 51725: (255, 1), 51739: (0, 2), 51753: (1, 9), 51767: (2, 2), 51781: (2, 1), 51795: (2, 0), 51809: (2, 5), 51823: (1, 2), 51837: (2, 1), 51851: (1, 1), 51865: (0, 7), 51879: (0, 3), 51893: (1, 2), 51907: (1, 2), 51921: (0, 7), 51935: (0, 2), 51949: (1, 1), 51963: (1, 1), 51977: (0, 7), 51991: (255, 1), 52005: (0, 1), 52019: (0, 1), 52033: (1, 7), 52047: (1, 3), 52061: (0, 1), 52075: (0, 1), 52089: (0, 6), 52103: (1, 3), 52117: (1, 3), 52131: (1, 1), 52145: (1, 5), 52159: (1, 2), 52173: (1, 0), 52187: (1, 0), 52201: (1, 0), 52215: (2, 125), 52229: (2, 125), 52243: (1, 127), 52257: (1, 0), 52271: (1, 126), 52285: (1, 126), 52299: (1, 0), 52313: (1, 3), 52327: (0, 0), 52341: (0, 127), 52355: (0, 5), 52369: (1, 3), 52383: (0, 2), 52397: (0, 1), 52411: (0, 5), 52425: (0, 2), 52439: (0, 1), 52453: (0, 0), 52467: (0, 5), 52481: (0, 1), 52495: (0, 0), 52509: (255, 0), 52523: (255, 6), 52537: (255, 0), 52551: (0, 0), 52565: (1, 0), 52579: (255, 5), 52593: (255, 1), 52607: (0, 0), 52621: (0, 0), 52635: (0, 6), 52649: (0, 1), 52663: (0, 0), 52677: (0, 127), 52691: (1, 5), 52705: (2, 4), 52719: (2, 3), 52733: (1, 5), 52747: (0, 5), 52761: (1, 3), 52775: (0, 1), 52789: (0, 4), 52803: (0, 5), 52817: (1, 3), 52831: (1, 1), 52845: (0, 7), 52859: (255, 2), 52873: (0, 1), 52887: (0, 2), 52901: (0, 7), 52915: (0, 4), 52929: (0, 2), 52943: (255, 2), 52957: (0, 7), 52971: (1, 3), 52985: (1, 1), 52999: (255, 0), 53013: (255, 6), 53027: (1, 3), 53041: (0, 2), 53055: (0, 1), 53069: (0, 8), 53083: (1, 3), 53097: (0, 2), 53111: (255, 1), 53125: (0, 7), 53139: (1, 2), 53153: (0, 1), 53167: (0, 0), 53181: (255, 6), 53195: (255, 1), 53209: (255, 0), 53223: (0, 0), 53237: (0, 6), 53251: (255, 1), 53265: (255, 0), 53279: (0, 0), 53293: (1, 7), 53307: (1, 2), 53321: (1, 0), 53335: (2, 0), 53349: (1, 6), 53363: (1, 2), 53377: (2, 1), 53391: (2, 2), 53405: (1, 6), 53419: (0, 2), 53433: (0, 1), 53447: (0, 1), 53461: (255, 5), 53475: (0, 2), 53489: (1, 2), 53503: (0, 1), 53517: (255, 5), 53531: (0, 3), 53545: (1, 2), 53559: (0, 1), 53573: (0, 6), 53587: (1, 4), 53601: (255, 2), 53615: (0, 2), 53629: (1, 7), 53643: (0, 3), 53657: (0, 1), 53671: (0, 1), 53685: (0, 8), 53699: (0, 3), 53713: (0, 0), 53727: (1, 126), 53741: (2, 3), 53755: (2, 125), 53769: (0, 125), 53783: (1, 125), 53797: (1, 3), 53811: (1, 126), 53825: (0, 126), 53839: (1, 127), 53853: (0, 4), 53867: (255, 0), 53881: (0, 1), 53895: (1, 3), 53909: (1, 4), 53923: (0, 1), 53937: (0, 0), 53951: (1, 4), 53965: (1, 4), 53979: (0, 1), 53993: (0, 0), 54007: (0, 4), 54021: (0, 2), 54035: (255, 0), 54049: (0, 1), 54063: (1, 4), 54077: (1, 3), 54091: (1, 1), 54105: (1, 127), 54119: (0, 5), 54133: (0, 1), 54147: (2, 2), 54161: (2, 2), 54175: (0, 6), 54189: (0, 1), 54203: (0, 1), 54217: (1, 2), 54231: (0, 7), 54245: (1, 2), 54259: (1, 2), 54273: (0, 2), 54287: (0, 6), 54301: (1, 2), 54315: (1, 2), 54329: (0, 3), 54343: (0, 4), 54357: (0, 1), 54371: (0, 1), 54385: (0, 5), 54399: (0, 3), 54413: (1, 3), 54427: (1, 3), 54441: (0, 7), 54455: (1, 3), 54469: (1, 2), 54483: (0, 1), 54497: (0, 7), 54511: (1, 4), 54525: (255, 2), 54539: (255, 2), 54553: (0, 9), 54567: (0, 2), 54581: (0, 3), 54595: (255, 2), 54609: (255, 6), 54623: (0, 3), 54637: (0, 2), 54651: (0, 6), 54665: (0, 4), 54679: (0, 2), 54693: (255, 1), 54707: (0, 7), 54721: (0, 2), 54735: (0, 1), 54749: (0, 1), 54763: (255, 8), 54777: (255, 1), 54791: (255, 1), 54805: (0, 1), 54819: (0, 7), 54833: (0, 2), 54847: (0, 2), 54861: (1, 4), 54875: (1, 6), 54889: (1, 2), 54903: (1, 2), 54917: (0, 5), 54931: (1, 4), 54945: (1, 1), 54959: (1, 1), 54973: (1, 6), 54987: (1, 3), 55001: (1, 2), 55015: (1, 2), 55029: (1, 9), 55043: (1, 3), 55057: (0, 2), 55071: (0, 2), 55085: (0, 8), 55099: (0, 3), 55113: (0, 2), 55127: (0, 3), 55141: (0, 4), 55155: (0, 1), 55169: (1, 1), 55183: (0, 4), 55197: (255, 3), 55211: (255, 1), 55225: (0, 1), 55239: (1, 6), 55253: (0, 2), 55267: (0, 1), 55281: (0, 1), 55295: (0, 8), 55309: (255, 1), 55323: (255, 0), 55337: (255, 0), 55351: (0, 7), 55365: (255, 1), 55379: (255, 1), 55393: (255, 0), 55407: (0, 6), 55421: (0, 1), 55435: (255, 0), 55449: (255, 0), 55463: (255, 5), 55477: (255, 1), 55491: (0, 0), 55505: (0, 0), 55519: (255, 6), 55533: (255, 1), 55547: (0, 0), 55561: (0, 0), 55575: (1, 2), 55589: (1, 4), 55603: (1, 2), 55617: (0, 2), 55631: (0, 0), 55645: (0, 7), 55659: (0, 2), 55673: (1, 2), 55687: (1, 2), 55701: (0, 6), 55715: (255, 3), 55729: (255, 1), 55743: (0, 2), 55757: (1, 2), 55771: (1, 6), 55785: (0, 2), 55799: (255, 1), 55813: (255, 0), 55827: (1, 7), 55841: (1, 1), 55855: (0, 1), 55869: (255, 1), 55883: (0, 8), 55897: (1, 2), 55911: (0, 1), 55925: (255, 0), 55939: (0, 7), 55953: (0, 1), 55967: (0, 1), 55981: (0, 2), 55995: (0, 8), 56009: (0, 2), 56023: (1, 2), 56037: (0, 1), 56051: (0, 4), 56065: (0, 1), 56079: (1, 0), 56093: (1, 1), 56107: (1, 2), 56121: (1, 127), 56135: (1, 125), 56149: (1, 2), 56163: (3, 0), 56177: (2, 126), 56191: (1, 125), 56205: (0, 2), 56219: (1, 1), 56233: (1, 0), 56247: (1, 1), 56261: (0, 4), 56275: (1, 2), 56289: (1, 0), 56303: (1, 0), 56317: (0, 5), 56331: (1, 2), 56345: (1, 1), 56359: (1, 1), 56373: (0, 5), 56387: (0, 3), 56401: (0, 2), 56415: (0, 1), 56429: (1, 6), 56443: (1, 2), 56457: (0, 0), 56471: (255, 0), 56485: (0, 5), 56499: (0, 2), 56513: (0, 1), 56527: (255, 0), 56541: (0, 5), 56555: (1, 2), 56569: (0, 2), 56583: (255, 1), 56597: (0, 6), 56611: (1, 3), 56625: (0, 1), 56639: (255, 0), 56653: (0, 4), 56667: (0, 3), 56681: (0, 2), 56695: (0, 1), 56709: (0, 2), 56723: (0, 0), 56737: (0, 127), 56751: (0, 0), 56765: (0, 2), 56779: (0, 2), 56793: (1, 2), 56807: (1, 0), 56821: (1, 2), 56835: (2, 2), 56849: (1, 0), 56863: (1, 0), 56877: (1, 5), 56891: (2, 3), 56905: (1, 1), 56919: (0, 0), 56933: (0, 5), 56947: (0, 3), 56961: (0, 2), 56975: (0, 1), 56989: (0, 6), 57003: (0, 2), 57017: (0, 2), 57031: (0, 1), 57045: (255, 6), 57059: (255, 1), 57073: (255, 1), 57087: (0, 1), 57101: (0, 5), 57115: (255, 1), 57129: (255, 0), 57143: (255, 0), 57157: (1, 6), 57171: (1, 2), 57185: (0, 0), 57199: (1, 1), 57213: (1, 6), 57227: (0, 2), 57241: (255, 1), 57255: (255, 1), 57269: (0, 6), 57283: (0, 3), 57297: (0, 2), 57311: (0, 2), 57325: (255, 6), 57339: (0, 2), 57353: (1, 3), 57367: (0, 2), 57381: (255, 7), 57395: (0, 3), 57409: (0, 2), 57423: (0, 2), 57437: (0, 6), 57451: (0, 3), 57465: (1, 1), 57479: (1, 1), 57493: (0, 6), 57507: (0, 2), 57521: (1, 1), 57535: (0, 0), 57549: (0, 6), 57563: (1, 1), 57577: (1, 0), 57591: (0, 0), 57605: (0, 6), 57619: (1, 2), 57633: (0, 1), 57647: (254, 0), 57661: (255, 6), 57675: (0, 2), 57689: (0, 1), 57703: (0, 1), 57717: (255, 4), 57731: (0, 2), 57745: (255, 1), 57759: (255, 1), 57773: (255, 3), 57787: (0, 3), 57801: (0, 1), 57815: (0, 1), 57829: (0, 2), 57843: (1, 5), 57857: (0, 1), 57871: (255, 1), 57885: (0, 0), 57899: (1, 6), 57913: (0, 2), 57927: (255, 1), 57941: (0, 1), 57955: (1, 7), 57969: (1, 2), 57983: (255, 1), 57997: (0, 0), 58011: (1, 6), 58025: (2, 2), 58039: (0, 1), 58053: (0, 0), 58067: (0, 7), 58081: (1, 2), 58095: (2, 0), 58109: (1, 0), 58123: (1, 5), 58137: (1, 0), 58151: (1, 0), 58165: (1, 127), 58179: (2, 3), 58193: (0, 0), 58207: (0, 0), 58221: (0, 1), 58235: (255, 0), 58249: (255, 2), 58263: (255, 0), 58277: (0, 1), 58291: (0, 1), 58305: (255, 6), 58319: (0, 0), 58333: (1, 1), 58347: (2, 0), 58361: (2, 7), 58375: (1, 1), 58389: (0, 0), 58403: (0, 0), 58417: (0, 7), 58431: (0, 2), 58445: (0, 2), 58459: (0, 1), 58473: (255, 8), 58487: (0, 2), 58501: (0, 1), 58515: (255, 1), 58529: (0, 8), 58543: (0, 2), 58557: (0, 2), 58571: (255, 2), 58585: (255, 7), 58599: (0, 2), 58613: (0, 1), 58627: (0, 1), 58641: (0, 7), 58655: (255, 2), 58669: (255, 1), 58683: (0, 1), 58697: (0, 7), 58711: (0, 2), 58725: (255, 0), 58739: (255, 0), 58753: (0, 5), 58767: (0, 1), 58781: (0, 0), 58795: (1, 127), 58809: (1, 3), 58823: (1, 1), 58837: (2, 2), 58851: (2, 0), 58865: (2, 4), 58879: (2, 3), 58893: (1, 1), 58907: (0, 1), 58921: (0, 1), 58935: (0, 4), 58949: (1, 2), 58963: (1, 2), 58977: (1, 1), 58991: (0, 7), 59005: (0, 3), 59019: (0, 2), 59033: (1, 2), 59047: (1, 8), 59061: (1, 2), 59075: (1, 2), 59089: (1, 0), 59103: (1, 6), 59117: (1, 1), 59131: (1, 1), 59145: (1, 1), 59159: (0, 7), 59173: (0, 3), 59187: (0, 2), 59201: (0, 2), 59215: (1, 6), 59229: (2, 3), 59243: (1, 2), 59257: (0, 1), 59271: (0, 5), 59285: (1, 3), 59299: (1, 2), 59313: (1, 1), 59327: (0, 5), 59341: (0, 3), 59355: (0, 1), 59369: (0, 1), 59383: (0, 3), 59397: (1, 4), 59411: (1, 3), 59425: (1, 3), 59439: (1, 2), 59453: (1, 4), 59467: (1, 1), 59481: (2, 2), 59495: (1, 2), 59509: (1, 5), 59523: (0, 1), 59537: (0, 1), 59551: (1, 3), 59565: (1, 4), 59579: (0, 1), 59593: (0, 1), 59607: (0, 3), 59621: (1, 3), 59635: (0, 1), 59649: (255, 0), 59663: (0, 3), 59677: (0, 2), 59691: (0, 1), 59705: (255, 0), 59719: (0, 5), 59733: (0, 1), 59747: (255, 0), 59761: (0, 0), 59775: (0, 5), 59789: (0, 1), 59803: (1, 2), 59817: (1, 2), 59831: (0, 7), 59845: (255, 2), 59859: (255, 1), 59873: (0, 1), 59887: (0, 6), 59901: (0, 2), 59915: (255, 0), 59929: (255, 127), 59943: (0, 4), 59957: (1, 4), 59971: (0, 1), 59985: (0, 1), 59999: (0, 2), 60013: (0, 5), 60027: (0, 2), 60041: (0, 1), 60055: (0, 1), 60069: (0, 6), 60083: (0, 2), 60097: (0, 1), 60111: (0, 1), 60125: (0, 7), 60139: (1, 0), 60153: (1, 0), 60167: (1, 0), 60181: (0, 5), 60195: (1, 0), 60209: (2, 0), 60223: (2, 126), 60237: (2, 1), 60251: (2, 125), 60265: (1, 126), 60279: (1, 126), 60293: (1, 127), 60307: (1, 4), 60321: (1, 0), 60335: (1, 1), 60349: (1, 1), 60363: (2, 6), 60377: (2, 2), 60391: (0, 0), 60405: (1, 0), 60419: (1, 6), 60433: (0, 1), 60447: (0, 0), 60461: (1, 0), 60475: (1, 5), 60489: (1, 2), 60503: (1, 0), 60517: (1, 0), 60531: (1, 0), 60545: (2, 2), 60559: (2, 1), 60573: (2, 1), 60587: (2, 1), 60601: (1, 3), 60615: (1, 0), 60629: (1, 0), 60643: (1, 0), 60657: (0, 5), 60671: (0, 1), 60685: (1, 1), 60699: (1, 0), 60713: (0, 6), 60727: (0, 1), 60741: (0, 1), 60755: (1, 2), 60769: (1, 6), 60783: (0, 2), 60797: (1, 2), 60811: (1, 3), 60825: (1, 4), 60839: (0, 1), 60853: (0, 1), 60867: (0, 3), 60881: (1, 4), 60895: (0, 1), 60909: (0, 1), 60923: (0, 1), 60937: (0, 4), 60951: (0, 1), 60965: (1, 2), 60979: (0, 3), 60993: (0, 2), 61007: (0, 0), 61021: (0, 0), 61035: (0, 5), 61049: (0, 1), 61063: (255, 0), 61077: (255, 0), 61091: (0, 6), 61105: (0, 1), 61119: (0, 0), 61133: (255, 0), 61147: (0, 7), 61161: (1, 3), 61175: (255, 1), 61189: (255, 1), 61203: (0, 7), 61217: (1, 2), 61231: (2, 1), 61245: (0, 0), 61259: (1, 6), 61273: (2, 3), 61287: (1, 2), 61301: (0, 1), 61315: (0, 7), 61329: (0, 2), 61343: (0, 2), 61357: (0, 1), 61371: (0, 7), 61385: (1, 1), 61399: (0, 2), 61413: (0, 2), 61427: (0, 7), 61441: (0, 3), 61455: (255, 1), 61469: (0, 1), 61483: (0, 7), 61497: (1, 3), 61511: (0, 1), 61525: (0, 0), 61539: (0, 7), 61553: (1, 3), 61567: (0, 2), 61581: (0, 1), 61595: (0, 8), 61609: (0, 2), 61623: (0, 2), 61637: (0, 2), 61651: (0, 8), 61665: (0, 2), 61679: (0, 1), 61693: (1, 1), 61707: (255, 7), 61721: (255, 1), 61735: (0, 1), 61749: (0, 1), 61763: (0, 7), 61777: (255, 0), 61791: (0, 0), 61805: (1, 127), 61819: (1, 6), 61833: (1, 1), 61847: (1, 1), 61861: (0, 1), 61875: (0, 6), 61889: (2, 2), 61903: (1, 1), 61917: (255, 0), 61931: (255, 6), 61945: (0, 2), 61959: (0, 1), 61973: (0, 0), 61987: (0, 6), 62001: (1, 2), 62015: (0, 1), 62029: (0, 2), 62043: (0, 6), 62057: (255, 1), 62071: (0, 2), 62085: (0, 1), 62099: (0, 6), 62113: (0, 2), 62127: (0, 1), 62141: (0, 2), 62155: (1, 7), 62169: (1, 2), 62183: (0, 1), 62197: (255, 1), 62211: (0, 8), 62225: (1, 1), 62239: (1, 127), 62253: (1, 1), 62267: (1, 7), 62281: (2, 2), 62295: (0, 1), 62309: (0, 1), 62323: (1, 7), 62337: (2, 2), 62351: (2, 126), 62365: (1, 0), 62379: (0, 5), 62393: (0, 0), 62407: (1, 0), 62421: (1, 1), 62435: (1, 7), 62449: (0, 0), 62463: (255, 0), 62477: (0, 0), 62491: (0, 5), 62505: (0, 1), 62519: (0, 0), 62533: (0, 0), 62547: (0, 6), 62561: (255, 0), 62575: (255, 0), 62589: (255, 0), 62603: (0, 5), 62617: (0, 0), 62631: (255, 0), 62645: (254, 127), 62659: (255, 4), 62673: (0, 0), 62687: (0, 0), 62701: (255, 127), 62715: (255, 5), 62729: (254, 127), 62743: (1, 1), 62757: (1, 0), 62771: (1, 5), 62785: (0, 0), 62799: (0, 0), 62813: (1, 2), 62827: (1, 3), 62841: (1, 5), 62855: (1, 1), 62869: (0, 1), 62883: (0, 0), 62897: (0, 5), 62911: (0, 0), 62925: (0, 0), 62939: (1, 1), 62953: (0, 5), 62967: (0, 2), 62981: (0, 1), 62995: (0, 1), 63009: (0, 1), 63023: (1, 5), 63037: (0, 1), 63051: (0, 0), 63065: (0, 0), 63079: (1, 6), 63093: (0, 1), 63107: (0, 1), 63121: (0, 1), 63135: (0, 6), 63149: (0, 2), 63163: (1, 1), 63177: (1, 127), 63191: (1, 1), 63205: (1, 0), 63219: (2, 125), 63233: (1, 127), 63247: (0, 0), 63261: (0, 2), 63275: (1, 127), 63289: (1, 126), 63303: (0, 126), 63317: (0, 3), 63331: (0, 127), 63345: (1, 0), 63359: (1, 0), 63373: (1, 3), 63387: (1, 125), 63401: (2, 124), 63415: (2, 124), 63429: (1, 1), 63443: (0, 125), 63457: (1, 126), 63471: (2, 126), 63485: (1, 4), 63499: (0, 127), 63513: (0, 127), 63527: (0, 0), 63541: (0, 6), 63555: (0, 1), 63569: (1, 1), 63583: (0, 0), 63597: (0, 4), 63611: (0, 3), 63625: (0, 1), 63639: (0, 1), 63653: (0, 2), 63667: (1, 4), 63681: (1, 2), 63695: (1, 1), 63709: (0, 2), 63723: (1, 2), 63737: (2, 0), 63751: (2, 127), 63765: (2, 0), 63779: (2, 127), 63793: (2, 125), 63807: (1, 123), 63821: (2, 127), 63835: (1, 2), 63849: (0, 0), 63863: (0, 127), 63877: (0, 2), 63891: (1, 4), 63905: (0, 1), 63919: (0, 0), 63933: (0, 1), 63947: (1, 4), 63961: (0, 2), 63975: (255, 0), 63989: (255, 2), 64003: (0, 3), 64017: (0, 1), 64031: (0, 0), 64045: (255, 3), 64059: (255, 2), 64073: (255, 1), 64087: (0, 1), 64101: (0, 3), 64115: (0, 2), 64129: (0, 1), 64143: (0, 1), 64157: (0, 1), 64171: (0, 4), 64185: (255, 0), 64199: (255, 0), 64213: (0, 0), 64227: (0, 7), 64241: (0, 1), 64255: (0, 126), 64269: (0, 0), 64283: (1, 2), 64297: (0, 3), 64311: (0, 0), 64325: (255, 1), 64339: (0, 1), 64353: (1, 7), 64367: (1, 2), 64381: (0, 0), 64395: (0, 0), 64409: (0, 5), 64423: (0, 1), 64437: (0, 2), 64451: (255, 0), 64465: (0, 0), 64479: (1, 5), 64493: (0, 2), 64507: (255, 0), 64521: (255, 1), 64535: (0, 8), 64549: (0, 2), 64563: (255, 1), 64577: (255, 1), 64591: (255, 7), 64605: (0, 2), 64619: (1, 1), 64633: (255, 1), 64647: (255, 3), 64661: (1, 5), 64675: (0, 1), 64689: (0, 1), 64703: (1, 1), 64717: (0, 6), 64731: (1, 2), 64745: (1, 3), 64759: (1, 2), 64773: (0, 7), 64787: (0, 3), 64801: (0, 2), 64815: (255, 1), 64829: (0, 6), 64843: (0, 3), 64857: (0, 1), 64871: (0, 1), 64885: (0, 2), 64899: (0, 3), 64913: (255, 0), 64927: (255, 0), 64941: (255, 0), 64955: (0, 4), 64969: (255, 0), 64983: (254, 0), 64997: (254, 0), 65011: (0, 5), 65025: (255, 1), 65039: (255, 0), 65053: (254, 0), 65067: (0, 4), 65081: (255, 1), 65095: (255, 0), 65109: (255, 0), 65123: (0, 4), 65137: (255, 0), 65151: (255, 0), 65165: (255, 0), 65179: (255, 5), 65193: (255, 2), 65207: (255, 1), 65221: (255, 1), 65235: (255, 6), 65249: (255, 2), 65263: (255, 1), 65277: (0, 1), 65291: (0, 6), 65305: (0, 3), 65319: (255, 2), 65333: (255, 1), 65347: (0, 4), 65361: (0, 4), 65375: (0, 2), 65389: (254, 1), 65403: (255, 1), 65417: (0, 6), 65431: (255, 1), 65445: (255, 2), 65459: (0, 1), 65473: (0, 6), 65487: (0, 1), 65501: (0, 2), 65515: (0, 2), 65529: (1, 8), 65543: (2, 3), 65557: (2, 2), 65571: (0, 1), 65585: (255, 7), 65599: (0, 2), 65613: (1, 2), 65627: (0, 1), 65641: (0, 7), 65655: (255, 1), 65669: (255, 0), 65683: (0, 0), 65697: (1, 5), 65711: (1, 1), 65725: (0, 0), 65739: (0, 1), 65753: (1, 5), 65767: (1, 127), 65781: (1, 127), 65795: (1, 0), 65809: (2, 3), 65823: (1, 2), 65837: (255, 0), 65851: (0, 3), 65865: (0, 4), 65879: (1, 1), 65893: (1, 1), 65907: (0, 4), 65921: (0, 3), 65935: (0, 1), 65949: (0, 1), 65963: (1, 5), 65977: (0, 4), 65991: (0, 0), 66005: (0, 127), 66019: (0, 4), 66033: (1, 0), 66047: (1, 127), 66061: (1, 126), 66075: (0, 2), 66089: (0, 3), 66103: (0, 1), 66117: (0, 0), 66131: (1, 3), 66145: (1, 3), 66159: (0, 0), 66173: (255, 0), 66187: (255, 3), 66201: (0, 2), 66215: (1, 1), 66229: (0, 0), 66243: (255, 2), 66257: (255, 2), 66271: (255, 0), 66285: (0, 0), 66299: (0, 1), 66313: (0, 7), 66327: (255, 1), 66341: (255, 0), 66355: (0, 0), 66369: (0, 4), 66383: (255, 1), 66397: (0, 0), 66411: (0, 1), 66425: (0, 0), 66439: (255, 5), 66453: (0, 1), 66467: (1, 1), 66481: (1, 1), 66495: (1, 1), 66509: (1, 4), 66523: (1, 2), 66537: (1, 2), 66551: (1, 1), 66565: (1, 7), 66579: (0, 2), 66593: (0, 1), 66607: (1, 1), 66621: (1, 4), 66635: (1, 3), 66649: (0, 2), 66663: (0, 1), 66677: (1, 1), 66691: (2, 7), 66705: (1, 1), 66719: (1, 1), 66733: (1, 1), 66747: (1, 7), 66761: (1, 2), 66775: (0, 1), 66789: (0, 0), 66803: (1, 5), 66817: (2, 3), 66831: (2, 1), 66845: (1, 0), 66859: (1, 2), 66873: (2, 1), 66887: (3, 1), 66901: (1, 0), 66915: (0, 0), 66929: (0, 2), 66943: (1, 0), 66957: (1, 0), 66971: (0, 127), 66985: (0, 5), 66999: (0, 1), 67013: (1, 1), 67027: (0, 0), 67041: (0, 6), 67055: (1, 127), 67069: (1, 126), 67083: (1, 125), 67097: (0, 2), 67111: (0, 1), 67125: (0, 0), 67139: (1, 127), 67153: (0, 4), 67167: (0, 1), 67181: (0, 127), 67195: (0, 127), 67209: (1, 3), 67223: (1, 2), 67237: (0, 0), 67251: (255, 127), 67265: (0, 3), 67279: (0, 1), 67293: (0, 0), 67307: (0, 127), 67321: (0, 2), 67335: (0, 1), 67349: (255, 127), 67363: (255, 127), 67377: (0, 3), 67391: (1, 1), 67405: (0, 0), 67419: (0, 0), 67433: (0, 0), 67447: (0, 7), 67461: (0, 1), 67475: (0, 1), 67489: (0, 1), 67503: (0, 2), 67517: (0, 3), 67531: (0, 1), 67545: (0, 0), 67559: (0, 127), 67573: (0, 6), 67587: (0, 0), 67601: (0, 127), 67615: (0, 126), 67629: (0, 2), 67643: (1, 127), 67657: (1, 127), 67671: (1, 127), 67685: (1, 127), 67699: (1, 3), 67713: (0, 127), 67727: (0, 127), 67741: (1, 127), 67755: (0, 4), 67769: (0, 1), 67783: (0, 0), 67797: (1, 0), 67811: (1, 127), 67825: (2, 4), 67839: (0, 0), 67853: (0, 127), 67867: (1, 127), 67881: (0, 5), 67895: (1, 127), 67909: (0, 126), 67923: (0, 125), 67937: (0, 126), 67951: (1, 4), 67965: (0, 0), 67979: (0, 0), 67993: (1, 127), 68007: (0, 5), 68021: (1, 1), 68035: (1, 0), 68049: (1, 127), 68063: (1, 3), 68077: (2, 2), 68091: (1, 0), 68105: (0, 1), 68119: (0, 3), 68133: (1, 3), 68147: (1, 2), 68161: (1, 0), 68175: (0, 0), 68189: (0, 5), 68203: (1, 1), 68217: (1, 0), 68231: (0, 0), 68245: (0, 6), 68259: (0, 1), 68273: (1, 1), 68287: (1, 0), 68301: (0, 4), 68315: (1, 3), 68329: (1, 1), 68343: (1, 0), 68357: (1, 1), 68371: (0, 4), 68385: (0, 0), 68399: (1, 127), 68413: (1, 0), 68427: (0, 6), 68441: (255, 0), 68455: (0, 0), 68469: (1, 0), 68483: (0, 6), 68497: (0, 2), 68511: (0, 1), 68525: (0, 1), 68539: (0, 5), 68553: (1, 3), 68567: (0, 0), 68581: (0, 0), 68595: (0, 2), 68609: (1, 5), 68623: (0, 1), 68637: (0, 1), 68651: (0, 0), 68665: (0, 7), 68679: (0, 2), 68693: (0, 0), 68707: (0, 0), 68721: (0, 7), 68735: (1, 1), 68749: (1, 1), 68763: (0, 0), 68777: (255, 5), 68791: (255, 1), 68805: (1, 1), 68819: (2, 1), 68833: (1, 5), 68847: (1, 3), 68861: (2, 2), 68875: (2, 2), 68889: (2, 6), 68903: (2, 3), 68917: (2, 1), 68931: (2, 1), 68945: (4, 3), 68959: (2, 4), 68973: (2, 1), 68987: (2, 1), 69001: (2, 1), 69015: (2, 6), 69029: (1, 1), 69043: (1, 1), 69057: (1, 0), 69071: (2, 7), 69085: (2, 1), 69099: (1, 1), 69113: (1, 1), 69127: (1, 6), 69141: (2, 1), 69155: (2, 0), 69169: (2, 1), 69183: (2, 5), 69197: (2, 2), 69211: (2, 1), 69225: (1, 0), 69239: (1, 2), 69253: (1, 4), 69267: (1, 0), 69281: (0, 1), 69295: (255, 1), 69309: (0, 4), 69323: (0, 2), 69337: (1, 2), 69351: (1, 0), 69365: (0, 1), 69379: (0, 3), 69393: (0, 0), 69407: (0, 0), 69421: (0, 0), 69435: (0, 6), 69449: (255, 0), 69463: (255, 0), 69477: (0, 0), 69491: (0, 6), 69505: (255, 0), 69519: (255, 0), 69533: (255, 127), 69547: (255, 6), 69561: (255, 0), 69575: (254, 0), 69589: (0, 0), 69603: (0, 6), 69617: (0, 1), 69631: (254, 0), 69645: (254, 127), 69659: (255, 4), 69673: (0, 2), 69687: (0, 0), 69701: (255, 0), 69715: (254, 127), 69729: (255, 4), 69743: (0, 1), 69757: (0, 0), 69771: (255, 0), 69785: (254, 127), 69799: (255, 5), 69813: (0, 2), 69827: (0, 1), 69841: (255, 0), 69855: (0, 1), 69869: (0, 4), 69883: (0, 2), 69897: (0, 1), 69911: (0, 1), 69925: (0, 0), 69939: (0, 5), 69953: (0, 2), 69967: (255, 0), 69981: (255, 0), 69995: (0, 1), 70009: (0, 7), 70023: (0, 1), 70037: (0, 1), 70051: (255, 0), 70065: (0, 1), 70079: (0, 4), 70093: (0, 1), 70107: (0, 0), 70121: (0, 0), 70135: (0, 1), 70149: (0, 6), 70163: (0, 2), 70177: (0, 2), 70191: (1, 1), 70205: (0, 6), 70219: (255, 2), 70233: (255, 1), 70247: (0, 2), 70261: (0, 6), 70275: (0, 3), 70289: (255, 1), 70303: (255, 1), 70317: (255, 5), 70331: (0, 3), 70345: (1, 2), 70359: (0, 2), 70373: (255, 5), 70387: (0, 3), 70401: (0, 2), 70415: (1, 2), 70429: (0, 5), 70443: (0, 2), 70457: (0, 2), 70471: (0, 2), 70485: (0, 7), 70499: (255, 2), 70513: (0, 1), 70527: (255, 0), 70541: (0, 7), 70555: (255, 1), 70569: (255, 0), 70583: (255, 0), 70597: (0, 5), 70611: (0, 1), 70625: (255, 0), 70639: (255, 4), 70653: (255, 2), 70667: (0, 0), 70681: (0, 0), 70695: (255, 6), 70709: (255, 1), 70723: (0, 1), 70737: (0, 1), 70751: (0, 7), 70765: (1, 0), 70779: (1, 1), 70793: (0, 0), 70807: (1, 8), 70821: (2, 4), 70835: (1, 2), 70849: (1, 2), 70863: (1, 6), 70877: (0, 1), 70891: (0, 1), 70905: (0, 1), 70919: (0, 7), 70933: (0, 2), 70947: (0, 1), 70961: (255, 1), 70975: (255, 6), 70989: (0, 2), 71003: (0, 2), 71017: (0, 2), 71031: (255, 7), 71045: (255, 3), 71059: (0, 2), 71073: (0, 2), 71087: (0, 6), 71101: (0, 3), 71115: (0, 1), 71129: (0, 1), 71143: (0, 5), 71157: (0, 2), 71171: (0, 1), 71185: (0, 0), 71199: (0, 2), 71213: (1, 4), 71227: (0, 0), 71241: (0, 126), 71255: (0, 127), 71269: (1, 0), 71283: (1, 126), 71297: (0, 127), 71311: (255, 127), 71325: (0, 6), 71339: (1, 0), 71353: (1, 0), 71367: (0, 127), 71381: (0, 6), 71395: (1, 0), 71409: (1, 0), 71423: (0, 0), 71437: (0, 6), 71451: (1, 1), 71465: (1, 0), 71479: (1, 0), 71493: (0, 5), 71507: (0, 1), 71521: (1, 0), 71535: (1, 0), 71549: (1, 3), 71563: (0, 2), 71577: (0, 0), 71591: (0, 0), 71605: (1, 3), 71619: (1, 2), 71633: (0, 0), 71647: (0, 127), 71661: (0, 2), 71675: (1, 3), 71689: (0, 1), 71703: (0, 0), 71717: (0, 2), 71731: (1, 5), 71745: (1, 1), 71759: (1, 0), 71773: (0, 0), 71787: (1, 5), 71801: (0, 0), 71815: (1, 0), 71829: (1, 0), 71843: (1, 6), 71857: (1, 1), 71871: (1, 127), 71885: (1, 127), 71899: (0, 6), 71913: (0, 0), 71927: (0, 0), 71941: (1, 127), 71955: (0, 5), 71969: (255, 1), 71983: (255, 127), 71997: (0, 127), 72011: (0, 5), 72025: (255, 0), 72039: (255, 127), 72053: (255, 0), 72067: (0, 5), 72081: (0, 3), 72095: (255, 1), 72109: (0, 1), 72123: (0, 2), 72137: (0, 5), 72151: (0, 1), 72165: (255, 1), 72179: (255, 0), 72193: (0, 7), 72207: (0, 2), 72221: (255, 1), 72235: (255, 0), 72249: (255, 5), 72263: (0, 2), 72277: (0, 1), 72291: (0, 0), 72305: (0, 126), 72319: (0, 5), 72333: (0, 0), 72347: (0, 0), 72361: (0, 0), 72375: (0, 6), 72389: (0, 3), 72403: (0, 0), 72417: (255, 0), 72431: (255, 4), 72445: (0, 4), 72459: (0, 2), 72473: (0, 1), 72487: (255, 1), 72501: (255, 7), 72515: (255, 1), 72529: (0, 0), 72543: (0, 0), 72557: (0, 7), 72571: (0, 2), 72585: (0, 2), 72599: (0, 1), 72613: (0, 5), 72627: (0, 3), 72641: (255, 1), 72655: (255, 1), 72669: (255, 1), 72683: (0, 4), 72697: (255, 0), 72711: (255, 127), 72725: (255, 0), 72739: (255, 5), 72753: (255, 0), 72767: (255, 0), 72781: (255, 0), 72795: (0, 7), 72809: (0, 1), 72823: (255, 0), 72837: (254, 127), 72851: (255, 6), 72865: (255, 1), 72879: (0, 0), 72893: (255, 0), 72907: (255, 2), 72921: (255, 2), 72935: (255, 127), 72949: (0, 0), 72963: (255, 127), 72977: (255, 5), 72991: (255, 1), 73005: (255, 1), 73019: (255, 0), 73033: (255, 0), 73047: (0, 6), 73061: (0, 2), 73075: (0, 1), 73089: (255, 0), 73103: (255, 1), 73117: (255, 5), 73131: (0, 2), 73145: (0, 2), 73159: (255, 2), 73173: (255, 4), 73187: (255, 2), 73201: (0, 2), 73215: (0, 2), 73229: (0, 1), 73243: (255, 7), 73257: (255, 2), 73271: (0, 2), 73285: (0, 2), 73299: (0, 1), 73313: (0, 7), 73327: (0, 2), 73341: (0, 2), 73355: (255, 1), 73369: (0, 5), 73383: (0, 3), 73397: (0, 1), 73411: (0, 127), 73425: (255, 127), 73439: (255, 6), 73453: (0, 1), 73467: (0, 1), 73481: (0, 2), 73495: (0, 6), 73509: (255, 3), 73523: (255, 1), 73537: (0, 1), 73551: (0, 6), 73565: (0, 3), 73579: (0, 2), 73593: (255, 1), 73607: (255, 5), 73621: (0, 3), 73635: (0, 2), 73649: (0, 2), 73663: (0, 3), 73677: (0, 4), 73691: (255, 1), 73705: (255, 0), 73719: (0, 1), 73733: (0, 4), 73747: (255, 0), 73761: (255, 0), 73775: (255, 0), 73789: (0, 5), 73803: (0, 1), 73817: (0, 0), 73831: (255, 0), 73845: (255, 5), 73859: (255, 0), 73873: (0, 0), 73887: (255, 1), 73901: (255, 4), 73915: (255, 1), 73929: (255, 0), 73943: (0, 3), 73957: (0, 3), 73971: (255, 1), 73985: (255, 0), 73999: (255, 1), 74013: (255, 3), 74027: (255, 0), 74041: (254, 0), 74055: (255, 0), 74069: (0, 6), 74083: (0, 2), 74097: (255, 1), 74111: (255, 1), 74125: (255, 6), 74139: (0, 1), 74153: (0, 1), 74167: (255, 0), 74181: (255, 4), 74195: (0, 4), 74209: (0, 2), 74223: (255, 1), 74237: (255, 1), 74251: (255, 7), 74265: (1, 3), 74279: (0, 3), 74293: (255, 1), 74307: (0, 5), 74321: (0, 4), 74335: (0, 2), 74349: (255, 2), 74363: (255, 2), 74377: (0, 6), 74391: (0, 2), 74405: (0, 2), 74419: (0, 2), 74433: (255, 7), 74447: (255, 2), 74461: (0, 2), 74475: (0, 2), 74489: (0, 5), 74503: (1, 5), 74517: (1, 1), 74531: (1, 2), 74545: (1, 3), 74559: (1, 5), 74573: (1, 2), 74587: (1, 2), 74601: (1, 2), 74615: (1, 6), 74629: (0, 2), 74643: (1, 2), 74657: (2, 2), 74671: (2, 6), 74685: (0, 1), 74699: (0, 0), 74713: (1, 1), 74727: (2, 7), 74741: (1, 2), 74755: (1, 1), 74769: (1, 0), 74783: (1, 4), 74797: (1, 0), 74811: (2, 1), 74825: (1, 1), 74839: (1, 4), 74853: (1, 1), 74867: (1, 0), 74881: (0, 0), 74895: (0, 3), 74909: (0, 0), 74923: (0, 0), 74937: (0, 3), 74951: (0, 2), 74965: (0, 0), 74979: (0, 0), 74993: (0, 4), 75007: (1, 2), 75021: (0, 2), 75035: (255, 0), 75049: (0, 4), 75063: (1, 2), 75077: (0, 1), 75091: (0, 1), 75105: (255, 2), 75119: (0, 4), 75133: (0, 1), 75147: (0, 2), 75161: (255, 3), 75175: (0, 3), 75189: (0, 2), 75203: (0, 1), 75217: (0, 4), 75231: (1, 4), 75245: (0, 2), 75259: (0, 2), 75273: (0, 4), 75287: (0, 4), 75301: (255, 1), 75315: (0, 0), 75329: (0, 2), 75343: (0, 3), 75357: (255, 0), 75371: (255, 0), 75385: (255, 2), 75399: (0, 4), 75413: (0, 1), 75427: (255, 0), 75441: (255, 0), 75455: (0, 3), 75469: (0, 1), 75483: (255, 0), 75497: (255, 2), 75511: (0, 4), 75525: (0, 2), 75539: (0, 1), 75553: (1, 1), 75567: (1, 7), 75581: (1, 3), 75595: (1, 1), 75609: (1, 1), 75623: (0, 6), 75637: (1, 0), 75651: (1, 0), 75665: (1, 1), 75679: (0, 5), 75693: (0, 2), 75707: (255, 1), 75721: (0, 2), 75735: (1, 1), 75749: (1, 5), 75763: (0, 0), 75777: (0, 0), 75791: (1, 0), 75805: (0, 7), 75819: (0, 2), 75833: (0, 1), 75847: (0, 1), 75861: (255, 5), 75875: (255, 3), 75889: (0, 2), 75903: (0, 1), 75917: (255, 5), 75931: (0, 4), 75945: (255, 1), 75959: (255, 1), 75973: (0, 4), 75987: (1, 5), 76001: (2, 1), 76015: (0, 0), 76029: (255, 0), 76043: (0, 2), 76057: (1, 127), 76071: (1, 127), 76085: (1, 127), 76099: (0, 4), 76113: (0, 0), 76127: (1, 0), 76141: (0, 0), 76155: (0, 5), 76169: (0, 1), 76183: (0, 1), 76197: (0, 1), 76211: (0, 6), 76225: (0, 0), 76239: (0, 0), 76253: (1, 1), 76267: (1, 7), 76281: (1, 1), 76295: (0, 1), 76309: (0, 1), 76323: (2, 7), 76337: (2, 1), 76351: (2, 2), 76365: (1, 1), 76379: (1, 7), 76393: (1, 2), 76407: (1, 1), 76421: (1, 2), 76435: (0, 3), 76449: (0, 1), 76463: (0, 0), 76477: (1, 5), 76491: (1, 2), 76505: (0, 0), 76519: (0, 0), 76533: (0, 5), 76547: (255, 1), 76561: (255, 0), 76575: (255, 0), 76589: (0, 7), 76603: (1, 1), 76617: (255, 0), 76631: (255, 0), 76645: (255, 4), 76659: (0, 0), 76673: (0, 0), 76687: (0, 3), 76701: (255, 2), 76715: (255, 0), 76729: (255, 127), 76743: (0, 4), 76757: (0, 1), 76771: (255, 0), 76785: (0, 1), 76799: (0, 5), 76813: (0, 2), 76827: (255, 2), 76841: (0, 1), 76855: (1, 3), 76869: (0, 4), 76883: (0, 2), 76897: (255, 0), 76911: (255, 1), 76925: (1, 7), 76939: (1, 3), 76953: (0, 1), 76967: (255, 0), 76981: (255, 8), 76995: (0, 1), 77009: (1, 3), 77023: (0, 1), 77037: (255, 5), 77051: (0, 3), 77065: (0, 2), 77079: (0, 1), 77093: (0, 4), 77107: (0, 3), 77121: (0, 2), 77135: (0, 1), 77149: (255, 2), 77163: (0, 4), 77177: (0, 2), 77191: (0, 1), 77205: (0, 2), 77219: (255, 6), 77233: (255, 2), 77247: (255, 1), 77261: (0, 2), 77275: (1, 6), 77289: (0, 2), 77303: (255, 0), 77317: (0, 2), 77331: (2, 2), 77345: (1, 127), 77359: (1, 126), 77373: (1, 127), 77387: (2, 125), 77401: (1, 123), 77415: (1, 123), 77429: (1, 1), 77443: (1, 0), 77457: (1, 127), 77471: (0, 127), 77485: (0, 6), 77499: (1, 0), 77513: (1, 0), 77527: (2, 0), 77541: (2, 7), 77555: (1, 1), 77569: (1, 0), 77583: (1, 0), 77597: (1, 6), 77611: (1, 1), 77625: (0, 0), 77639: (0, 1), 77653: (0, 3), 77667: (1, 0), 77681: (1, 127), 77695: (0, 4), 77709: (0, 0), 77723: (1, 127), 77737: (1, 126), 77751: (1, 4), 77765: (0, 0), 77779: (1, 127), 77793: (1, 127), 77807: (1, 5), 77821: (0, 127), 77835: (0, 127), 77849: (1, 1), 77863: (1, 4), 77877: (1, 0), 77891: (0, 0), 77905: (0, 5), 77919: (1, 2), 77933: (1, 1), 77947: (0, 0), 77961: (0, 6), 77975: (0, 2), 77989: (0, 1), 78003: (0, 0), 78017: (0, 7), 78031: (0, 1), 78045: (0, 1), 78059: (0, 0), 78073: (1, 7), 78087: (1, 0), 78101: (0, 0), 78115: (1, 1), 78129: (1, 8), 78143: (0, 1), 78157: (0, 1), 78171: (0, 1), 78185: (1, 6), 78199: (1, 2), 78213: (0, 1), 78227: (0, 4), 78241: (0, 4), 78255: (0, 1), 78269: (0, 0), 78283: (0, 5), 78297: (0, 3), 78311: (255, 0), 78325: (255, 1), 78339: (0, 5), 78353: (0, 1), 78367: (0, 0), 78381: (0, 0), 78395: (255, 6), 78409: (255, 0), 78423: (255, 127), 78437: (255, 127), 78451: (0, 6), 78465: (255, 0), 78479: (255, 127), 78493: (255, 0), 78507: (1, 3), 78521: (1, 0), 78535: (0, 127), 78549: (0, 3), 78563: (1, 4), 78577: (0, 1), 78591: (0, 0), 78605: (0, 5), 78619: (0, 2), 78633: (0, 1), 78647: (0, 0), 78661: (0, 6), 78675: (0, 2), 78689: (0, 1), 78703: (255, 0), 78717: (0, 6), 78731: (1, 2), 78745: (0, 2), 78759: (255, 0), 78773: (255, 7), 78787: (1, 2), 78801: (0, 1), 78815: (255, 0), 78829: (255, 7), 78843: (0, 2), 78857: (0, 2), 78871: (0, 1), 78885: (0, 6), 78899: (255, 1), 78913: (255, 0), 78927: (0, 0), 78941: (0, 7), 78955: (255, 1), 78969: (255, 0), 78983: (0, 0), 78997: (0, 7), 79011: (0, 0), 79025: (255, 0), 79039: (255, 127), 79053: (0, 6), 79067: (1, 1), 79081: (1, 1), 79095: (0, 127), 79109: (1, 6), 79123: (1, 2), 79137: (1, 2), 79151: (1, 0), 79165: (0, 8), 79179: (0, 0), 79193: (0, 1), 79207: (1, 1), 79221: (0, 7), 79235: (255, 1), 79249: (1, 2), 79263: (1, 1), 79277: (1, 8), 79291: (1, 1), 79305: (1, 127), 79319: (1, 0), 79333: (1, 6), 79347: (2, 2), 79361: (2, 1), 79375: (1, 1), 79389: (1, 6), 79403: (0, 2), 79417: (0, 1), 79431: (0, 0), 79445: (0, 6), 79459: (0, 2), 79473: (1, 1), 79487: (0, 1), 79501: (255, 7), 79515: (0, 1), 79529: (0, 0), 79543: (1, 0), 79557: (0, 6), 79571: (0, 0), 79585: (0, 0), 79599: (0, 127), 79613: (1, 5), 79627: (0, 0), 79641: (0, 127), 79655: (0, 1), 79669: (1, 2), 79683: (0, 127), 79697: (0, 127), 79711: (0, 3), 79725: (1, 1), 79739: (0, 0), 79753: (0, 0), 79767: (255, 4), 79781: (1, 2), 79795: (1, 1), 79809: (1, 1), 79823: (0, 6), 79837: (0, 1), 79851: (0, 1), 79865: (0, 0), 79879: (1, 6), 79893: (0, 0), 79907: (255, 127), 79921: (0, 0), 79935: (0, 7), 79949: (0, 1), 79963: (0, 0), 79977: (0, 127), 79991: (0, 5), 80005: (0, 0), 80019: (255, 127), 80033: (255, 126), 80047: (0, 127), 80061: (0, 6), 80075: (0, 0), 80089: (255, 127), 80103: (255, 127), 80117: (0, 0), 80131: (0, 5), 80145: (0, 1), 80159: (255, 0), 80173: (255, 0), 80187: (0, 0), 80201: (0, 5), 80215: (1, 2), 80229: (1, 1), 80243: (0, 0), 80257: (0, 1), 80271: (0, 7), 80285: (0, 2), 80299: (0, 1), 80313: (1, 1), 80327: (1, 4), 80341: (1, 1), 80355: (0, 127), 80369: (1, 127), 80383: (2, 1), 80397: (1, 6), 80411: (1, 0), 80425: (0, 0), 80439: (0, 0), 80453: (0, 3), 80467: (1, 2), 80481: (1, 2), 80495: (0, 0), 80509: (0, 0), 80523: (1, 6), 80537: (1, 2), 80551: (2, 2), 80565: (2, 2), 80579: (2, 4), 80593: (2, 1), 80607: (2, 127), 80621: (1, 126), 80635: (1, 127), 80649: (3, 4), 80663: (2, 127), 80677: (0, 127), 80691: (0, 0), 80705: (0, 6), 80719: (1, 1), 80733: (1, 0), 80747: (0, 127), 80761: (0, 5), 80775: (0, 0), 80789: (1, 127), 80803: (1, 127), 80817: (0, 4), 80831: (0, 127), 80845: (255, 126), 80859: (0, 126), 80873: (0, 4), 80887: (0, 127), 80901: (255, 126), 80915: (255, 126), 80929: (0, 6), 80943: (0, 0), 80957: (0, 127), 80971: (0, 127), 80985: (0, 5), 80999: (0, 0), 81013: (255, 127), 81027: (255, 127), 81041: (0, 5), 81055: (1, 1), 81069: (0, 0), 81083: (255, 127), 81097: (0, 3), 81111: (0, 3), 81125: (0, 0), 81139: (0, 127), 81153: (0, 0), 81167: (0, 6), 81181: (0, 0), 81195: (0, 0), 81209: (0, 0), 81223: (0, 3), 81237: (0, 2), 81251: (2, 2), 81265: (2, 0), 81279: (1, 127), 81293: (1, 5), 81307: (2, 1), 81321: (2, 1), 81335: (1, 1), 81349: (0, 6), 81363: (0, 2), 81377: (0, 1), 81391: (1, 1), 81405: (1, 2), 81419: (0, 3), 81433: (0, 1), 81447: (0, 1), 81461: (1, 0), 81475: (1, 6), 81489: (1, 1), 81503: (0, 127), 81517: (1, 126), 81531: (2, 3), 81545: (1, 1), 81559: (1, 0), 81573: (0, 127), 81587: (0, 1), 81601: (1, 2), 81615: (0, 127), 81629: (0, 127), 81643: (0, 127), 81657: (1, 4), 81671: (1, 0), 81685: (0, 0), 81699: (255, 127), 81713: (0, 5), 81727: (1, 0), 81741: (0, 0), 81755: (255, 127), 81769: (255, 4), 81783: (0, 0), 81797: (0, 0), 81811: (1, 0), 81825: (1, 3), 81839: (1, 2), 81853: (1, 2), 81867: (0, 0), 81881: (0, 0), 81895: (0, 5), 81909: (0, 1), 81923: (0, 0), 81937: (0, 2), 81951: (0, 6), 81965: (0, 1), 81979: (0, 2), 81993: (1, 2), 82007: (1, 2), 82021: (0, 4), 82035: (0, 1), 82049: (0, 2), 82063: (0, 1), 82077: (1, 7), 82091: (0, 1), 82105: (255, 1), 82119: (255, 0), 82133: (0, 6), 82147: (0, 1), 82161: (0, 1), 82175: (0, 1), 82189: (0, 1), 82203: (1, 3), 82217: (0, 2), 82231: (255, 0), 82245: (0, 1), 82259: (1, 7), 82273: (0, 1), 82287: (255, 0), 82301: (0, 0), 82315: (0, 6), 82329: (0, 1), 82343: (0, 0), 82357: (1, 1), 82371: (0, 5), 82385: (1, 2), 82399: (2, 0), 82413: (2, 0), 82427: (1, 3), 82441: (1, 2), 82455: (3, 0), 82469: (2, 1), 82483: (1, 4), 82497: (1, 2), 82511: (2, 0), 82525: (2, 1), 82539: (1, 2), 82553: (0, 3), 82567: (0, 1), 82581: (0, 1), 82595: (0, 4), 82609: (1, 3), 82623: (1, 2), 82637: (0, 1), 82651: (0, 5), 82665: (1, 3), 82679: (0, 1), 82693: (0, 1), 82707: (0, 6), 82721: (1, 2), 82735: (1, 1), 82749: (0, 0), 82763: (0, 5), 82777: (0, 1), 82791: (1, 1), 82805: (0, 0), 82819: (0, 6), 82833: (0, 0), 82847: (0, 0), 82861: (0, 0), 82875: (0, 6), 82889: (255, 0), 82903: (0, 0), 82917: (0, 0), 82931: (0, 5), 82945: (0, 0), 82959: (1, 0), 82973: (0, 0), 82987: (1, 6), 83001: (0, 0), 83015: (0, 0), 83029: (0, 0), 83043: (0, 5), 83057: (1, 1), 83071: (1, 0), 83085: (0, 1), 83099: (0, 6), 83113: (0, 1), 83127: (0, 1), 83141: (0, 1), 83155: (0, 7), 83169: (0, 2), 83183: (0, 1), 83197: (0, 2), 83211: (1, 7), 83225: (1, 2), 83239: (2, 2), 83253: (2, 1), 83267: (2, 5), 83281: (2, 4), 83295: (0, 2), 83309: (1, 2), 83323: (1, 3), 83337: (1, 4), 83351: (1, 1), 83365: (0, 0), 83379: (0, 1), 83393: (0, 6), 83407: (1, 2), 83421: (1, 1), 83435: (0, 0), 83449: (1, 6), 83463: (0, 1), 83477: (0, 1), 83491: (0, 0), 83505: (0, 5), 83519: (1, 1), 83533: (0, 0), 83547: (255, 127), 83561: (255, 3), 83575: (0, 126), 83589: (0, 125), 83603: (0, 126), 83617: (255, 5), 83631: (255, 0), 83645: (0, 0), 83659: (0, 127), 83673: (0, 6), 83687: (0, 0), 83701: (255, 127), 83715: (255, 127), 83729: (0, 5), 83743: (255, 0), 83757: (0, 127), 83771: (0, 127), 83785: (0, 2), 83799: (0, 2), 83813: (255, 0), 83827: (255, 127), 83841: (0, 0), 83855: (1, 4), 83869: (1, 2), 83883: (1, 127), 83897: (1, 0), 83911: (2, 1), 83925: (2, 5), 83939: (2, 3), 83953: (2, 3), 83967: (1, 1), 83981: (1, 1), 83995: (0, 7), 84009: (0, 1), 84023: (1, 2), 84037: (0, 1), 84051: (0, 1), 84065: (0, 7), 84079: (0, 1), 84093: (0, 2), 84107: (1, 1), 84121: (1, 4), 84135: (1, 3), 84149: (0, 2), 84163: (0, 1), 84177: (1, 1), 84191: (1, 7), 84205: (1, 2), 84219: (0, 0), 84233: (0, 0), 84247: (0, 5), 84261: (1, 2), 84275: (1, 2), 84289: (0, 1), 84303: (0, 1), 84317: (0, 6), 84331: (1, 1), 84345: (1, 0), 84359: (1, 1), 84373: (1, 7), 84387: (2, 1), 84401: (2, 2), 84415: (1, 2), 84429: (1, 5), 84443: (2, 3), 84457: (3, 2), 84471: (2, 2), 84485: (0, 1), 84499: (0, 3), 84513: (1, 2), 84527: (1, 1), 84541: (1, 1), 84555: (0, 5), 84569: (0, 1), 84583: (1, 1), 84597: (2, 1), 84611: (1, 7), 84625: (0, 1), 84639: (0, 1), 84653: (1, 1), 84667: (1, 6), 84681: (1, 2), 84695: (1, 1), 84709: (1, 0), 84723: (1, 6), 84737: (1, 1), 84751: (1, 1), 84765: (1, 0), 84779: (1, 6), 84793: (1, 0), 84807: (0, 126), 84821: (255, 127), 84835: (0, 3), 84849: (1, 2), 84863: (2, 2), 84877: (2, 0), 84891: (1, 0), 84905: (2, 2), 84919: (2, 0), 84933: (3, 1), 84947: (2, 1), 84961: (2, 4), 84975: (2, 0), 84989: (1, 0), 85003: (1, 0), 85017: (1, 5), 85031: (1, 1), 85045: (1, 1), 85059: (0, 1), 85073: (0, 5), 85087: (0, 1), 85101: (1, 1), 85115: (1, 1), 85129: (1, 5), 85143: (0, 1), 85157: (0, 0), 85171: (0, 0), 85185: (1, 5), 85199: (2, 1), 85213: (1, 0), 85227: (0, 0), 85241: (1, 7), 85255: (1, 1), 85269: (1, 127), 85283: (1, 127), 85297: (0, 6), 85311: (1, 2), 85325: (1, 1), 85339: (0, 1), 85353: (0, 5), 85367: (1, 2), 85381: (2, 2), 85395: (0, 1), 85409: (0, 4), 85423: (0, 2), 85437: (0, 2), 85451: (1, 1), 85465: (1, 4), 85479: (1, 5), 85493: (0, 1), 85507: (0, 2), 85521: (1, 2), 85535: (1, 5), 85549: (1, 2), 85563: (0, 1), 85577: (0, 1), 85591: (1, 6), 85605: (2, 1), 85619: (1, 127), 85633: (0, 125), 85647: (0, 3), 85661: (0, 1), 85675: (0, 0), 85689: (1, 1), 85703: (1, 127), 85717: (2, 3), 85731: (2, 127), 85745: (1, 1), 85759: (1, 2), 85773: (1, 7), 85787: (2, 1), 85801: (1, 1), 85815: (0, 0), 85829: (0, 6), 85843: (1, 2), 85857: (1, 1), 85871: (0, 1), 85885: (0, 5), 85899: (1, 3), 85913: (1, 1), 85927: (1, 2), 85941: (1, 5), 85955: (0, 3), 85969: (0, 1), 85983: (0, 1), 85997: (1, 4), 86011: (1, 4), 86025: (0, 2), 86039: (0, 1), 86053: (0, 2), 86067: (1, 6), 86081: (0, 2), 86095: (0, 1), 86109: (1, 2), 86123: (1, 8), 86137: (0, 2), 86151: (0, 1), 86165: (0, 1), 86179: (1, 7), 86193: (1, 2), 86207: (0, 2), 86221: (0, 1), 86235: (0, 7), 86249: (1, 3), 86263: (1, 2), 86277: (1, 2), 86291: (0, 4), 86305: (0, 3), 86319: (0, 2), 86333: (1, 1), 86347: (0, 1), 86361: (0, 3), 86375: (0, 1), 86389: (0, 0), 86403: (0, 127), 86417: (1, 4), 86431: (0, 0), 86445: (1, 1), 86459: (0, 0), 86473: (0, 5), 86487: (255, 0), 86501: (0, 0), 86515: (1, 0), 86529: (2, 7), 86543: (1, 2), 86557: (0, 1), 86571: (0, 1), 86585: (1, 8), 86599: (2, 2), 86613: (2, 1), 86627: (2, 1), 86641: (2, 7), 86655: (3, 3), 86669: (2, 0), 86683: (2, 127), 86697: (1, 5), 86711: (2, 1), 86725: (1, 1), 86739: (0, 1), 86753: (255, 5), 86767: (0, 2), 86781: (1, 2), 86795: (1, 1), 86809: (0, 3), 86823: (0, 4), 86837: (0, 1), 86851: (1, 1), 86865: (0, 0), 86879: (1, 6), 86893: (2, 3), 86907: (2, 2), 86921: (1, 1), 86935: (1, 6), 86949: (2, 2), 86963: (2, 3), 86977: (2, 2), 86991: (1, 6), 87005: (1, 1), 87019: (1, 0), 87033: (0, 0), 87047: (1, 3), 87061: (2, 3), 87075: (1, 1), 87089: (0, 1), 87103: (0, 3), 87117: (1, 4), 87131: (1, 2), 87145: (0, 1), 87159: (0, 2), 87173: (1, 4), 87187: (0, 1), 87201: (0, 0), 87215: (0, 2), 87229: (1, 3), 87243: (1, 2), 87257: (1, 1), 87271: (0, 1), 87285: (0, 4), 87299: (0, 0), 87313: (1, 0), 87327: (1, 0), 87341: (1, 5), 87355: (255, 0), 87369: (0, 0), 87383: (1, 0), 87397: (1, 6), 87411: (1, 2), 87425: (0, 1), 87439: (0, 1), 87453: (1, 7), 87467: (0, 1), 87481: (0, 0), 87495: (0, 0), 87509: (0, 5), 87523: (0, 2), 87537: (0, 1), 87551: (255, 0), 87565: (0, 0), 87579: (0, 7), 87593: (0, 2), 87607: (0, 2), 87621: (0, 1), 87635: (0, 2), 87649: (1, 7), 87663: (0, 2), 87677: (0, 2), 87691: (0, 0), 87705: (0, 1), 87719: (1, 5), 87733: (1, 1), 87747: (1, 1), 87761: (1, 1), 87775: (0, 4), 87789: (1, 3), 87803: (1, 1), 87817: (1, 0), 87831: (1, 0), 87845: (1, 2), 87859: (1, 1), 87873: (1, 0), 87887: (0, 127), 87901: (0, 127), 87915: (0, 5), 87929: (0, 0), 87943: (0, 0), 87957: (255, 127), 87971: (0, 3), 87985: (2, 4), 87999: (2, 2), 88013: (1, 1), 88027: (0, 0), 88041: (1, 5), 88055: (2, 1), 88069: (2, 1), 88083: (2, 1), 88097: (1, 1), 88111: (1, 6), 88125: (0, 1), 88139: (1, 1), 88153: (0, 0), 88167: (1, 5), 88181: (1, 3), 88195: (0, 1), 88209: (0, 1), 88223: (1, 2), 88237: (1, 7), 88251: (1, 2), 88265: (1, 2), 88279: (0, 1), 88293: (0, 4), 88307: (2, 3), 88321: (2, 2), 88335: (1, 2), 88349: (0, 1), 88363: (0, 7), 88377: (0, 2), 88391: (1, 1), 88405: (1, 0), 88419: (0, 4), 88433: (0, 2), 88447: (0, 1), 88461: (0, 0), 88475: (0, 1), 88489: (0, 2), 88503: (0, 0), 88517: (0, 0), 88531: (255, 127), 88545: (0, 5), 88559: (0, 0), 88573: (1, 0), 88587: (1, 1), 88601: (0, 7), 88615: (0, 2), 88629: (0, 0), 88643: (1, 2), 88657: (2, 6), 88671: (2, 2), 88685: (1, 3), 88699: (0, 1), 88713: (0, 5), 88727: (1, 2), 88741: (0, 1), 88755: (1, 1), 88769: (1, 1), 88783: (1, 4), 88797: (0, 2), 88811: (0, 1), 88825: (1, 2), 88839: (1, 6), 88853: (1, 3), 88867: (0, 1), 88881: (0, 2), 88895: (0, 7), 88909: (1, 3), 88923: (0, 2), 88937: (0, 1), 88951: (255, 5), 88965: (0, 4), 88979: (0, 2), 88993: (1, 2), 89007: (1, 4), 89021: (0, 4), 89035: (0, 2), 89049: (0, 2), 89063: (1, 2), 89077: (1, 7), 89091: (1, 2), 89105: (1, 1), 89119: (0, 2), 89133: (0, 8), 89147: (0, 3), 89161: (0, 2), 89175: (0, 1), 89189: (0, 6), 89203: (0, 1), 89217: (255, 0), 89231: (0, 0), 89245: (0, 5), 89259: (0, 2), 89273: (0, 1), 89287: (0, 0), 89301: (0, 3), 89315: (0, 2), 89329: (0, 0), 89343: (255, 127), 89357: (0, 3), 89371: (0, 1), 89385: (0, 0), 89399: (0, 127), 89413: (255, 127), 89427: (0, 4), 89441: (255, 127), 89455: (0, 0), 89469: (0, 0), 89483: (0, 4), 89497: (0, 2), 89511: (0, 1), 89525: (0, 1), 89539: (0, 1), 89553: (0, 7), 89567: (0, 2), 89581: (0, 2), 89595: (0, 2), 89609: (0, 1), 89623: (1, 5), 89637: (1, 1), 89651: (1, 1), 89665: (0, 1), 89679: (0, 5), 89693: (0, 2), 89707: (0, 1), 89721: (1, 1), 89735: (1, 1), 89749: (0, 5), 89763: (0, 1), 89777: (0, 2), 89791: (1, 2), 89805: (0, 3), 89819: (1, 3), 89833: (2, 2), 89847: (1, 1), 89861: (1, 0), 89875: (1, 7), 89889: (1, 0), 89903: (2, 0), 89917: (2, 0), 89931: (1, 6), 89945: (0, 1), 89959: (0, 0), 89973: (0, 0), 89987: (1, 4), 90001: (1, 2), 90015: (0, 1), 90029: (0, 1), 90043: (0, 2), 90057: (1, 4), 90071: (1, 3), 90085: (1, 2), 90099: (1, 1), 90113: (1, 6), 90127: (1, 3), 90141: (1, 1), 90155: (1, 1), 90169: (1, 7), 90183: (0, 1), 90197: (0, 1), 90211: (0, 0), 90225: (0, 6), 90239: (0, 0), 90253: (1, 1), 90267: (1, 0), 90281: (0, 5), 90295: (0, 0), 90309: (0, 0), 90323: (0, 0), 90337: (0, 5), 90351: (0, 0), 90365: (0, 0), 90379: (0, 0), 90393: (0, 5), 90407: (0, 1), 90421: (1, 0), 90435: (1, 127), 90449: (1, 3), 90463: (1, 2), 90477: (1, 0), 90491: (1, 0), 90505: (1, 4), 90519: (2, 3), 90533: (1, 1), 90547: (0, 0), 90561: (0, 2), 90575: (1, 5), 90589: (1, 2), 90603: (1, 1), 90617: (0, 0), 90631: (0, 6), 90645: (1, 1), 90659: (1, 1), 90673: (1, 1), 90687: (0, 6), 90701: (0, 1), 90715: (0, 0), 90729: (0, 127), 90743: (1, 0), 90757: (1, 1), 90771: (2, 0), 90785: (2, 127), 90799: (2, 0), 90813: (1, 2), 90827: (1, 0), 90841: (2, 127), 90855: (2, 0), 90869: (1, 4), 90883: (0, 0), 90897: (1, 1), 90911: (1, 1), 90925: (1, 5), 90939: (0, 1), 90953: (1, 0), 90967: (1, 1), 90981: (1, 4), 90995: (1, 1), 91009: (1, 0), 91023: (1, 3), 91037: (1, 3), 91051: (1, 1), 91065: (1, 1), 91079: (0, 6), 91093: (0, 2), 91107: (1, 0), 91121: (1, 1), 91135: (0, 7), 91149: (0, 1), 91163: (0, 2), 91177: (1, 0), 91191: (1, 6), 91205: (0, 1), 91219: (0, 1), 91233: (0, 3), 91247: (1, 4), 91261: (1, 2), 91275: (1, 1), 91289: (0, 6), 91303: (0, 1), 91317: (0, 0), 91331: (0, 0), 91345: (1, 6), 91359: (0, 1), 91373: (0, 0), 91387: (0, 3), 91401: (0, 2), 91415: (255, 127), 91429: (0, 127), 91443: (0, 5), 91457: (0, 1), 91471: (0, 0), 91485: (255, 0), 91499: (0, 6), 91513: (0, 1), 91527: (0, 0), 91541: (0, 3), 91555: (0, 3), 91569: (255, 0), 91583: (0, 1), 91597: (0, 5), 91611: (0, 2), 91625: (0, 1), 91639: (255, 0), 91653: (0, 5), 91667: (0, 3), 91681: (0, 2), 91695: (0, 1), 91709: (1, 6), 91723: (1, 3), 91737: (0, 2), 91751: (0, 1), 91765: (0, 6), 91779: (2, 3), 91793: (1, 1), 91807: (0, 1), 91821: (255, 6), 91835: (0, 1), 91849: (1, 0), 91863: (1, 0), 91877: (0, 5), 91891: (0, 2), 91905: (0, 1), 91919: (1, 1), 91933: (1, 7), 91947: (0, 3), 91961: (0, 1), 91975: (0, 1), 91989: (0, 7), 92003: (1, 3), 92017: (0, 1), 92031: (1, 1), 92045: (1, 8), 92059: (0, 2), 92073: (0, 1), 92087: (0, 1), 92101: (0, 7), 92115: (0, 2), 92129: (0, 2), 92143: (0, 1), 92157: (0, 6), 92171: (0, 1), 92185: (0, 1), 92199: (0, 5), 92213: (0, 2), 92227: (0, 1), 92241: (0, 0), 92255: (0, 7), 92269: (0, 1), 92283: (0, 0), 92297: (0, 0), 92311: (1, 7), 92325: (1, 1), 92339: (1, 127), 92353: (1, 0), 92367: (2, 7), 92381: (2, 1), 92395: (1, 1), 92409: (1, 1), 92423: (0, 4), 92437: (0, 1), 92451: (1, 1), 92465: (1, 4), 92479: (0, 4), 92493: (0, 1), 92507: (0, 1), 92521: (1, 5), 92535: (0, 2), 92549: (0, 1), 92563: (1, 1), 92577: (0, 7), 92591: (0, 2), 92605: (0, 1), 92619: (0, 1), 92633: (0, 8), 92647: (1, 2), 92661: (0, 1), 92675: (0, 1), 92689: (0, 8), 92703: (1, 2), 92717: (1, 1), 92731: (0, 0), 92745: (0, 7), 92759: (0, 1), 92773: (0, 1), 92787: (0, 1), 92801: (0, 6), 92815: (0, 1), 92829: (0, 1), 92843: (0, 3), 92857: (0, 4), 92871: (0, 1), 92885: (0, 1), 92899: (0, 5), 92913: (0, 4), 92927: (1, 2), 92941: (1, 2), 92955: (0, 7), 92969: (0, 2), 92983: (1, 1), 92997: (0, 1), 93011: (0, 9), 93025: (0, 1), 93039: (1, 1), 93053: (0, 2), 93067: (0, 8), 93081: (255, 1), 93095: (255, 1), 93109: (255, 0), 93123: (0, 6), 93137: (0, 1), 93151: (254, 127), 93165: (0, 2), 93179: (0, 3), 93193: (0, 0), 93207: (255, 127), 93221: (255, 5), 93235: (255, 0), 93249: (255, 127), 93263: (255, 127), 93277: (255, 5), 93291: (255, 127), 93305: (255, 127), 93319: (254, 2), 93333: (255, 1), 93347: (255, 127), 93361: (255, 126), 93375: (255, 5), 93389: (255, 0), 93403: (255, 126), 93417: (254, 126), 93431: (255, 5), 93445: (255, 125), 93459: (0, 126), 93473: (255, 126), 93487: (255, 5), 93501: (254, 127), 93515: (254, 126), 93529: (1, 0), 93543: (0, 7), 93557: (255, 0), 93571: (0, 1), 93585: (255, 127), 93599: (1, 6), 93613: (1, 0), 93627: (1, 127), 93641: (0, 0), 93655: (1, 4), 93669: (0, 2), 93683: (0, 1), 93697: (255, 0), 93711: (0, 2), 93725: (254, 1), 93739: (0, 0), 93753: (1, 0), 93767: (2, 4), 93781: (1, 4), 93795: (1, 1), 93809: (255, 0), 93823: (0, 1), 93837: (255, 5), 93851: (255, 0), 93865: (0, 0), 93879: (3, 2), 93893: (1, 5), 93907: (0, 0), 93921: (255, 127), 93935: (254, 126), 93949: (0, 4), 93963: (0, 0), 93977: (0, 126), 93991: (255, 127), 94005: (253, 1), 94019: (255, 126), 94033: (255, 125), 94047: (1, 3), 94061: (255, 2), 94075: (254, 126), 94089: (255, 127), 94103: (254, 2), 94117: (255, 1), 94131: (255, 0), 94145: (1, 1), 94159: (0, 5), 94173: (255, 2), 94187: (0, 1), 94201: (255, 127), 94215: (0, 3), 94229: (0, 2), 94243: (0, 0), 94257: (255, 127), 94271: (0, 1), 94285: (1, 5), 94299: (1, 0), 11: (246, 124), 25: (249, 1), 39: (248, 125), 53: (248, 123), 67: (248, 120), 81: (248, 122), 95: (248, 123), 109: (248, 124), 123: (248, 123), 137: (246, 122), 151: (248, 122), 165: (253, 125), 179: (252, 124), 193: (247, 122), 207: (252, 125), 221: (247, 122), 235: (244, 124), 249: (247, 123), 263: (253, 125), 277: (247, 123), 291: (251, 126), 305: (249, 123), 319: (248, 122), 333: (247, 120), 347: (250, 123), 361: (248, 124), 375: (252, 125), 389: (246, 122), 403: (253, 124), 417: (251, 124), 431: (252, 124), 445: (251, 127), 459: (253, 2), 473: (246, 123), 487: (251, 125), 501: (246, 122), 515: (246, 118), 529: (247, 118), 543: (250, 125), 557: (2, 2), 571: (250, 123), 585: (249, 122), 599: (249, 123), 613: (246, 123), 627: (246, 122), 641: (248, 125), 655: (252, 123), 669: (248, 125), 683: (251, 124), 697: (248, 127), 711: (248, 122), 725: (249, 122), 739: (253, 126), 753: (249, 125), 767: (253, 1), 781: (247, 126), 795: (250, 124), 809: (251, 126), 823: (255, 0), 837: (250, 1), 851: (252, 125), 865: (252, 126), 879: (2, 0), 893: (252, 126), 907: (253, 3), 921: (255, 0), 935: (255, 127), 949: (254, 127), 963: (0, 127), 977: (255, 0), 991: (255, 1), 1005: (0, 0), 1019: (255, 127), 1033: (254, 127), 1047: (255, 126), 1061: (255, 2), 1075: (255, 127), 1089: (254, 126), 1103: (255, 126), 1117: (255, 126), 1131: (255, 3), 1145: (254, 127), 1159: (0, 127), 1173: (255, 127), 1187: (0, 127), 1201: (255, 5), 1215: (0, 0), 1229: (255, 0), 1243: (255, 127), 1257: (0, 1), 1271: (255, 3), 1285: (254, 0), 1299: (255, 0), 1313: (0, 1), 1327: (255, 4), 1341: (255, 2), 1355: (0, 0), 1369: (255, 0), 1383: (255, 127), 1397: (0, 3), 1411: (0, 127), 1425: (0, 127), 1439: (0, 126), 1453: (0, 3), 1467: (0, 0), 1481: (0, 127), 1495: (0, 127), 1509: (0, 0), 1523: (0, 127), 1537: (0, 126), 1551: (0, 126), 1565: (0, 126), 1579: (255, 4), 1593: (255, 127), 1607: (0, 127), 1621: (255, 127), 1635: (255, 127), 1649: (255, 2), 1663: (0, 127), 1677: (255, 127), 1691: (255, 127), 1705: (255, 5), 1719: (0, 0), 1733: (255, 127), 1747: (255, 127), 1761: (255, 5), 1775: (254, 0), 1789: (255, 0), 1803: (255, 0), 1817: (0, 2), 1831: (255, 2), 1845: (255, 0), 1859: (255, 0), 1873: (255, 0), 1887: (0, 5), 1901: (255, 0), 1915: (0, 1), 1929: (255, 0), 1943: (255, 6), 1957: (0, 2), 1971: (0, 0), 1985: (255, 0), 1999: (0, 4), 2013: (0, 2), 2027: (255, 1), 2041: (255, 1), 2055: (255, 0), 2069: (0, 3), 2083: (255, 1), 2097: (255, 1), 2111: (0, 0), 2125: (255, 6), 2139: (255, 2), 2153: (0, 1), 2167: (1, 1), 2181: (0, 4), 2195: (0, 2), 2209: (255, 0), 2223: (255, 127), 2237: (255, 127), 2251: (1, 1), 2265: (0, 127), 2279: (0, 0), 2293: (0, 0), 2307: (0, 6), 2321: (0, 1), 2335: (0, 0), 2349: (1, 0), 2363: (2, 4), 2377: (255, 1), 2391: (255, 0), 2405: (0, 0), 2419: (0, 0), 2433: (1, 5), 2447: (255, 1), 2461: (0, 0), 2475: (0, 127), 2489: (1, 1), 2503: (1, 3), 2517: (1, 127), 2531: (0, 127), 2545: (0, 126), 2559: (2, 5), 2573: (2, 127), 2587: (1, 127), 2601: (1, 127), 2615: (1, 4), 2629: (0, 0), 2643: (0, 127), 2657: (0, 0), 2671: (0, 2), 2685: (0, 1), 2699: (0, 0), 2713: (0, 0), 2727: (0, 127), 2741: (0, 3), 2755: (1, 0), 2769: (0, 0), 2783: (255, 0), 2797: (255, 4), 2811: (0, 1), 2825: (0, 0), 2839: (0, 0), 2853: (0, 5), 2867: (0, 1), 2881: (0, 0), 2895: (0, 0), 2909: (1, 0), 2923: (0, 5), 2937: (255, 0), 2951: (0, 127), 2965: (0, 127), 2979: (255, 2), 2993: (255, 1), 3007: (0, 1), 3021: (0, 1), 3035: (0, 3), 3049: (255, 1), 3063: (1, 0), 3077: (1, 127), 3091: (1, 126), 3105: (1, 3), 3119: (1, 127), 3133: (0, 126), 3147: (0, 127), 3161: (1, 3), 3175: (0, 0), 3189: (255, 0), 3203: (0, 0), 3217: (1, 6), 3231: (0, 1), 3245: (0, 0), 3259: (0, 0), 3273: (0, 5), 3287: (0, 1), 3301: (0, 0), 3315: (255, 0), 3329: (255, 3), 3343: (0, 2), 3357: (0, 1), 3371: (0, 0), 3385: (255, 2), 3399: (0, 2), 3413: (1, 0), 3427: (0, 127), 3441: (255, 126), 3455: (0, 2), 3469: (0, 127), 3483: (0, 0), 3497: (2, 0), 3511: (2, 6), 3525: (1, 1), 3539: (1, 1), 3553: (1, 1), 3567: (1, 5), 3581: (1, 1), 3595: (1, 0), 3609: (2, 0), 3623: (1, 5), 3637: (0, 1), 3651: (0, 0), 3665: (1, 0), 3679: (2, 127), 3693: (2, 5), 3707: (1, 1), 3721: (1, 0), 3735: (1, 127), 3749: (1, 6), 3763: (1, 0), 3777: (1, 127), 3791: (0, 127), 3805: (1, 3), 3819: (1, 0), 3833: (1, 127), 3847: (1, 127), 3861: (0, 2), 3875: (0, 1), 3889: (0, 0), 3903: (255, 0), 3917: (255, 0), 3931: (0, 3), 3945: (0, 0), 3959: (0, 0), 3973: (1, 127), 3987: (0, 5), 4001: (2, 2), 4015: (3, 1), 4029: (2, 1), 4043: (1, 5), 4057: (1, 1), 4071: (1, 0), 4085: (0, 0), 4099: (0, 3), 4113: (0, 2), 4127: (0, 1), 4141: (255, 0), 4155: (1, 1), 4169: (1, 4), 4183: (1, 0), 4197: (1, 0), 4211: (2, 1), 4225: (0, 5), 4239: (0, 0), 4253: (255, 0), 4267: (0, 127), 4281: (0, 2), 4295: (0, 2), 4309: (0, 0), 4323: (255, 0), 4337: (255, 127), 4351: (1, 6), 4365: (1, 1), 4379: (0, 0), 4393: (255, 127), 4407: (0, 3), 4421: (0, 0), 4435: (255, 127), 4449: (0, 127), 4463: (0, 0), 4477: (0, 2), 4491: (255, 0), 4505: (255, 127), 4519: (255, 126), 4533: (255, 5), 4547: (0, 0), 4561: (0, 127), 4575: (1, 0), 4589: (255, 5), 4603: (1, 2), 4617: (0, 0), 4631: (255, 127), 4645: (0, 127), 4659: (0, 126), 4673: (0, 127), 4687: (255, 127), 4701: (1, 3), 4715: (0, 0), 4729: (0, 0), 4743: (255, 127), 4757: (1, 0), 4771: (0, 0), 4785: (0, 1), 4799: (0, 0), 4813: (1, 0), 4827: (0, 127), 4841: (0, 127), 4855: (1, 3), 4869: (0, 127), 4883: (2, 0), 4897: (2, 126), 4911: (2, 127), 4925: (3, 3), 4939: (2, 0), 4953: (1, 127), 4967: (1, 126), 4981: (0, 126), 4995: (0, 3), 5009: (1, 0), 5023: (1, 127), 5037: (0, 126), 5051: (0, 1), 5065: (1, 1), 5079: (0, 0), 5093: (0, 0), 5107: (1, 0), 5121: (0, 5), 5135: (0, 0), 5149: (0, 0), 5163: (0, 127), 5177: (0, 1), 5191: (0, 2), 5205: (1, 1), 5219: (2, 0), 5233: (1, 126), 5247: (1, 2), 5261: (1, 1), 5275: (1, 0), 5289: (1, 0), 5303: (1, 1), 5317: (1, 2), 5331: (255, 0), 5345: (0, 127), 5359: (0, 127), 5373: (1, 5), 5387: (0, 0), 5401: (0, 126), 5415: (0, 126), 5429: (0, 127), 5443: (1, 0), 5457: (1, 126), 5471: (0, 126), 5485: (0, 125), 5499: (1, 3), 5513: (0, 127), 5527: (1, 127), 5541: (1, 0), 5555: (2, 1), 5569: (1, 5), 5583: (255, 0), 5597: (255, 0), 5611: (1, 0), 5625: (1, 5), 5639: (1, 0), 5653: (1, 126), 5667: (2, 127), 5681: (1, 126), 5695: (1, 5), 5709: (0, 0), 5723: (0, 127), 5737: (0, 0), 5751: (0, 3), 5765: (0, 1), 5779: (0, 0), 5793: (0, 0), 5807: (1, 127), 5821: (1, 5), 5835: (0, 0), 5849: (0, 127), 5863: (0, 127), 5877: (0, 4), 5891: (0, 1), 5905: (0, 0), 5919: (254, 127), 5933: (255, 0), 5947: (0, 6), 5961: (1, 2), 5975: (1, 0), 5989: (0, 1), 6003: (0, 3), 6017: (0, 2), 6031: (0, 1), 6045: (0, 0), 6059: (0, 0), 6073: (0, 6), 6087: (1, 2), 6101: (0, 0), 6115: (0, 0), 6129: (255, 4), 6143: (0, 3), 6157: (0, 2), 6171: (254, 0), 6185: (254, 1), 6199: (255, 4), 6213: (1, 2), 6227: (0, 1), 6241: (255, 0), 6255: (1, 5), 6269: (1, 127), 6283: (1, 127), 6297: (1, 127), 6311: (1, 1), 6325: (0, 3), 6339: (255, 0), 6353: (0, 0), 6367: (0, 1), 6381: (0, 5), 6395: (255, 1), 6409: (0, 1), 6423: (0, 1), 6437: (1, 5), 6451: (1, 2), 6465: (1, 0), 6479: (1, 127), 6493: (1, 0), 6507: (0, 1), 6521: (0, 127), 6535: (0, 127), 6549: (1, 0), 6563: (0, 6), 6577: (0, 2), 6591: (0, 1), 6605: (0, 1), 6619: (1, 4), 6633: (1, 2), 6647: (0, 0), 6661: (255, 0), 6675: (0, 2), 6689: (0, 3), 6703: (0, 0), 6717: (255, 127), 6731: (0, 127), 6745: (1, 4), 6759: (1, 0), 6773: (0, 0), 6787: (254, 127), 6801: (255, 1), 6815: (1, 2), 6829: (255, 1), 6843: (254, 127), 6857: (255, 0), 6871: (255, 0), 6885: (0, 3), 6899: (0, 0), 6913: (0, 0), 6927: (255, 0), 6941: (255, 1), 6955: (1, 3), 6969: (1, 1), 6983: (255, 0), 6997: (255, 0), 7011: (255, 4), 7025: (0, 2), 7039: (255, 1), 7053: (0, 1), 7067: (255, 0), 7081: (0, 5), 7095: (255, 1), 7109: (0, 1), 7123: (255, 0), 7137: (255, 5), 7151: (0, 2), 7165: (0, 1), 7179: (255, 1), 7193: (255, 1), 7207: (0, 4), 7221: (0, 2), 7235: (0, 1), 7249: (0, 1), 7263: (255, 6), 7277: (255, 2), 7291: (0, 2), 7305: (0, 2), 7319: (0, 1), 7333: (0, 5), 7347: (0, 2), 7361: (255, 1), 7375: (255, 0), 7389: (0, 7), 7403: (0, 1), 7417: (0, 1), 7431: (0, 1), 7445: (0, 4), 7459: (2, 1), 7473: (2, 1), 7487: (1, 0), 7501: (0, 1), 7515: (0, 4), 7529: (255, 1), 7543: (255, 1), 7557: (0, 1), 7571: (0, 7), 7585: (0, 2), 7599: (0, 1), 7613: (1, 127), 7627: (0, 4), 7641: (0, 0), 7655: (0, 127), 7669: (0, 127), 7683: (0, 4), 7697: (0, 0), 7711: (255, 127), 7725: (255, 127), 7739: (0, 5), 7753: (1, 1), 7767: (0, 0), 7781: (255, 127), 7795: (254, 4), 7809: (255, 1), 7823: (0, 0), 7837: (255, 127), 7851: (255, 3), 7865: (255, 0), 7879: (254, 127), 7893: (254, 127), 7907: (255, 2), 7921: (0, 2), 7935: (255, 0), 7949: (0, 1), 7963: (255, 1), 7977: (255, 6), 7991: (255, 1), 8005: (0, 1), 8019: (255, 1), 8033: (255, 3), 8047: (255, 3), 8061: (0, 1), 8075: (255, 1), 8089: (0, 1), 8103: (1, 5), 8117: (0, 0), 8131: (0, 0), 8145: (1, 127), 8159: (2, 4), 8173: (0, 0), 8187: (255, 126), 8201: (0, 127), 8215: (1, 2), 8229: (0, 1), 8243: (0, 127), 8257: (0, 127), 8271: (255, 126), 8285: (0, 3), 8299: (0, 0), 8313: (0, 0), 8327: (255, 0), 8341: (255, 6), 8355: (1, 2), 8369: (0, 0), 8383: (255, 0), 8397: (1, 4), 8411: (3, 3), 8425: (3, 1), 8439: (2, 0), 8453: (1, 0), 8467: (1, 4), 8481: (0, 1), 8495: (0, 1), 8509: (1, 0), 8523: (0, 5), 8537: (0, 1), 8551: (1, 2), 8565: (1, 0), 8579: (0, 5), 8593: (0, 1), 8607: (1, 127), 8621: (0, 127), 8635: (0, 5), 8649: (0, 0), 8663: (1, 126), 8677: (0, 126), 8691: (0, 3), 8705: (255, 1), 8719: (255, 127), 8733: (255, 127), 8747: (0, 4), 8761: (0, 1), 8775: (1, 1), 8789: (1, 127), 8803: (2, 4), 8817: (3, 126), 8831: (2, 127), 8845: (2, 0), 8859: (0, 5), 8873: (0, 0), 8887: (0, 127), 8901: (1, 0), 8915: (1, 6), 8929: (2, 2), 8943: (2, 1), 8957: (2, 0), 8971: (1, 6), 8985: (0, 2), 8999: (1, 0), 9013: (1, 3), 9027: (0, 2), 9041: (0, 0), 9055: (0, 127), 9069: (0, 5), 9083: (1, 1), 9097: (1, 1), 9111: (255, 0), 9125: (0, 6), 9139: (0, 1), 9153: (1, 0), 9167: (1, 3), 9181: (1, 2), 9195: (0, 0), 9209: (255, 0), 9223: (0, 7), 9237: (0, 2), 9251: (0, 1), 9265: (0, 1), 9279: (0, 5), 9293: (255, 1), 9307: (255, 1), 9321: (0, 4), 9335: (0, 3), 9349: (0, 1), 9363: (0, 1), 9377: (255, 7), 9391: (255, 2), 9405: (0, 1), 9419: (0, 1), 9433: (0, 5), 9447: (0, 2), 9461: (0, 1), 9475: (255, 6), 9489: (0, 3), 9503: (0, 2), 9517: (0, 2), 9531: (0, 7), 9545: (0, 2), 9559: (0, 1), 9573: (0, 2), 9587: (1, 3), 9601: (1, 0), 9615: (1, 0), 9629: (255, 5), 9643: (0, 2), 9657: (1, 1), 9671: (0, 0), 9685: (0, 7), 9699: (0, 1), 9713: (255, 0), 9727: (255, 1), 9741: (0, 3), 9755: (0, 1), 9769: (255, 0), 9783: (254, 6), 9797: (255, 1), 9811: (255, 1), 9825: (255, 1), 9839: (0, 7), 9853: (0, 1), 9867: (255, 0), 9881: (0, 2), 9895: (0, 4), 9909: (0, 1), 9923: (0, 1), 9937: (0, 5), 9951: (0, 3), 9965: (0, 1), 9979: (255, 0), 9993: (255, 6), 10007: (0, 2), 10021: (0, 1), 10035: (0, 1), 10049: (255, 4), 10063: (255, 2), 10077: (0, 2), 10091: (1, 2), 10105: (0, 5), 10119: (255, 1), 10133: (255, 1), 10147: (255, 0), 10161: (0, 6), 10175: (0, 2), 10189: (0, 1), 10203: (255, 0), 10217: (255, 6), 10231: (0, 2), 10245: (255, 1), 10259: (255, 1), 10273: (0, 7), 10287: (0, 3), 10301: (255, 1), 10315: (255, 1), 10329: (255, 7), 10343: (1, 2), 10357: (1, 1), 10371: (255, 0), 10385: (255, 7), 10399: (255, 1), 10413: (0, 1), 10427: (0, 2), 10441: (1, 7), 10455: (2, 1), 10469: (1, 2), 10483: (1, 1), 10497: (1, 7), 10511: (2, 3), 10525: (0, 1), 10539: (0, 1), 10553: (1, 8), 10567: (0, 2), 10581: (255, 1), 10595: (0, 1), 10609: (2, 5), 10623: (1, 0), 10637: (0, 126), 10651: (255, 127), 10665: (0, 2), 10679: (0, 127), 10693: (0, 127), 10707: (0, 0), 10721: (255, 3), 10735: (255, 0), 10749: (255, 127), 10763: (0, 0), 10777: (1, 5), 10791: (1, 127), 10805: (2, 126), 10819: (2, 127), 10833: (1, 5), 10847: (0, 1), 10861: (1, 0), 10875: (1, 1), 10889: (1, 4), 10903: (0, 1), 10917: (0, 1), 10931: (255, 1), 10945: (0, 5), 10959: (1, 2), 10973: (255, 1), 10987: (255, 2), 11001: (0, 5), 11015: (0, 2), 11029: (0, 1), 11043: (0, 1), 11057: (0, 5), 11071: (0, 2), 11085: (255, 1), 11099: (0, 1), 11113: (0, 6), 11127: (255, 1), 11141: (255, 2), 11155: (0, 1), 11169: (255, 7), 11183: (255, 2), 11197: (255, 1), 11211: (0, 1), 11225: (1, 8), 11239: (0, 2), 11253: (1, 1), 11267: (2, 2), 11281: (3, 5), 11295: (3, 2), 11309: (3, 2), 11323: (2, 2), 11337: (1, 3), 11351: (1, 2), 11365: (0, 1), 11379: (0, 4), 11393: (255, 3), 11407: (0, 1), 11421: (0, 1), 11435: (255, 4), 11449: (0, 2), 11463: (0, 0), 11477: (0, 0), 11491: (0, 3), 11505: (1, 1), 11519: (0, 127), 11533: (255, 127), 11547: (0, 3), 11561: (1, 3), 11575: (0, 0), 11589: (255, 127), 11603: (0, 1), 11617: (1, 3), 11631: (0, 0), 11645: (254, 127), 11659: (255, 127), 11673: (0, 4), 11687: (0, 1), 11701: (0, 0), 11715: (255, 127), 11729: (255, 4), 11743: (255, 1), 11757: (0, 0), 11771: (255, 0), 11785: (254, 127), 11799: (255, 0), 11813: (1, 4), 11827: (255, 1), 11841: (255, 0), 11855: (0, 1), 11869: (1, 2), 11883: (0, 4), 11897: (255, 1), 11911: (0, 1), 11925: (255, 0), 11939: (0, 6), 11953: (0, 1), 11967: (0, 0), 11981: (255, 0), 11995: (255, 0), 12009: (0, 6), 12023: (0, 1), 12037: (255, 0), 12051: (255, 0), 12065: (0, 4), 12079: (1, 3), 12093: (0, 1), 12107: (0, 1), 12121: (0, 1), 12135: (255, 6), 12149: (255, 1), 12163: (255, 1), 12177: (0, 0), 12191: (0, 2), 12205: (1, 4), 12219: (1, 2), 12233: (0, 1), 12247: (0, 0), 12261: (0, 7), 12275: (0, 1), 12289: (0, 1), 12303: (0, 1), 12317: (0, 5), 12331: (255, 2), 12345: (255, 2), 12359: (0, 2), 12373: (255, 4), 12387: (0, 3), 12401: (255, 2), 12415: (255, 0), 12429: (255, 1), 12443: (0, 4), 12457: (1, 2), 12471: (0, 1), 12485: (255, 1), 12499: (255, 7), 12513: (0, 1), 12527: (255, 1), 12541: (0, 1), 12555: (0, 7), 12569: (0, 2), 12583: (255, 1), 12597: (1, 2), 12611: (1, 2), 12625: (0, 4), 12639: (254, 2), 12653: (255, 1), 12667: (255, 1), 12681: (255, 7), 12695: (255, 2), 12709: (255, 1), 12723: (255, 1), 12737: (255, 5), 12751: (255, 2), 12765: (0, 2), 12779: (0, 1), 12793: (255, 2), 12807: (1, 3), 12821: (0, 2), 12835: (255, 1), 12849: (255, 1), 12863: (0, 7), 12877: (0, 3), 12891: (255, 1), 12905: (255, 1), 12919: (255, 5), 12933: (255, 2), 12947: (0, 1), 12961: (0, 1), 12975: (0, 2), 12989: (255, 2), 13003: (255, 0), 13017: (0, 0), 13031: (0, 1), 13045: (0, 4), 13059: (0, 1), 13073: (0, 2), 13087: (255, 1), 13101: (255, 7), 13115: (255, 2), 13129: (0, 1), 13143: (0, 2), 13157: (0, 7), 13171: (255, 1), 13185: (255, 1), 13199: (0, 0), 13213: (1, 6), 13227: (0, 2), 13241: (255, 1), 13255: (255, 1), 13269: (0, 5), 13283: (0, 2), 13297: (0, 1), 13311: (0, 1), 13325: (255, 1), 13339: (255, 4), 13353: (255, 1), 13367: (0, 1), 13381: (255, 1), 13395: (255, 7), 13409: (0, 2), 13423: (255, 1), 13437: (254, 0), 13451: (255, 4), 13465: (0, 2), 13479: (255, 1), 13493: (255, 0), 13507: (255, 2), 13521: (255, 3), 13535: (255, 1), 13549: (1, 1), 13563: (0, 0), 13577: (255, 5), 13591: (254, 0), 13605: (255, 0), 13619: (255, 0), 13633: (255, 5), 13647: (255, 2), 13661: (0, 1), 13675: (0, 1), 13689: (255, 3), 13703: (255, 3), 13717: (0, 2), 13731: (0, 1), 13745: (0, 1), 13759: (255, 6), 13773: (255, 2), 13787: (255, 1), 13801: (0, 1), 13815: (0, 6), 13829: (0, 4), 13843: (255, 1), 13857: (255, 2), 13871: (0, 2), 13885: (255, 7), 13899: (0, 3), 13913: (1, 1), 13927: (255, 1), 13941: (255, 4), 13955: (0, 2), 13969: (0, 2), 13983: (255, 1), 13997: (0, 1), 14011: (0, 6), 14025: (255, 2), 14039: (255, 1), 14053: (255, 1), 14067: (0, 2), 14081: (0, 4), 14095: (255, 2), 14109: (255, 0), 14123: (255, 1), 14137: (255, 5), 14151: (0, 2), 14165: (0, 1), 14179: (255, 0), 14193: (254, 0), 14207: (0, 5), 14221: (2, 2), 14235: (2, 1), 14249: (1, 2), 14263: (1, 8), 14277: (2, 3), 14291: (0, 1), 14305: (0, 0), 14319: (0, 5), 14333: (0, 2), 14347: (255, 1), 14361: (0, 1), 14375: (255, 0), 14389: (0, 5), 14403: (0, 1), 14417: (0, 1), 14431: (0, 1), 14445: (255, 6), 14459: (0, 1), 14473: (255, 1), 14487: (0, 1), 14501: (0, 6), 14515: (255, 2), 14529: (255, 1), 14543: (255, 1), 14557: (255, 1), 14571: (1, 4), 14585: (0, 1), 14599: (255, 0), 14613: (0, 0), 14627: (1, 5), 14641: (1, 1), 14655: (1, 1), 14669: (0, 0), 14683: (0, 6), 14697: (255, 0), 14711: (255, 127), 14725: (255, 127), 14739: (255, 0), 14753: (0, 5), 14767: (0, 0), 14781: (255, 1), 14795: (255, 1), 14809: (0, 1), 14823: (0, 3), 14837: (255, 1), 14851: (255, 1), 14865: (0, 1), 14879: (0, 7), 14893: (255, 2), 14907: (255, 1), 14921: (0, 1), 14935: (0, 1), 14949: (0, 5), 14963: (0, 2), 14977: (255, 0), 14991: (255, 0), 15005: (0, 6), 15019: (1, 2), 15033: (1, 2), 15047: (255, 1), 15061: (255, 1), 15075: (0, 1), 15089: (0, 5), 15103: (0, 3), 15117: (255, 2), 15131: (0, 1), 15145: (0, 1), 15159: (0, 5), 15173: (0, 2), 15187: (0, 1), 15201: (255, 1), 15215: (0, 2), 15229: (255, 7), 15243: (255, 2), 15257: (255, 1), 15271: (0, 1), 15285: (0, 6), 15299: (255, 1), 15313: (0, 1), 15327: (0, 0), 15341: (0, 0), 15355: (0, 5), 15369: (0, 2), 15383: (255, 1), 15397: (0, 0), 15411: (0, 3), 15425: (0, 2), 15439: (255, 0), 15453: (254, 127), 15467: (0, 0), 15481: (0, 6), 15495: (255, 2), 15509: (0, 2), 15523: (0, 1), 15537: (255, 6), 15551: (0, 3), 15565: (0, 2), 15579: (0, 0), 15593: (0, 2), 15607: (1, 3), 15621: (0, 1), 15635: (0, 0), 15649: (255, 0), 15663: (1, 5), 15677: (1, 1), 15691: (0, 1), 15705: (255, 0), 15719: (255, 4), 15733: (0, 2), 15747: (0, 1), 15761: (1, 1), 15775: (0, 1), 15789: (0, 6), 15803: (255, 1), 15817: (1, 2), 15831: (0, 1), 15845: (0, 3), 15859: (0, 3), 15873: (1, 2), 15887: (1, 2), 15901: (2, 2), 15915: (1, 6), 15929: (1, 2), 15943: (2, 1), 15957: (2, 0), 15971: (1, 1), 15985: (0, 1), 15999: (0, 0), 16013: (1, 1), 16027: (0, 0), 16041: (255, 6), 16055: (255, 2), 16069: (0, 1), 16083: (0, 1), 16097: (0, 6), 16111: (0, 1), 16125: (255, 1), 16139: (255, 0), 16153: (0, 4), 16167: (0, 2), 16181: (255, 1), 16195: (255, 0), 16209: (255, 0), 16223: (0, 5), 16237: (255, 1), 16251: (255, 0), 16265: (0, 0), 16279: (0, 4), 16293: (255, 2), 16307: (255, 0), 16321: (1, 1), 16335: (1, 1), 16349: (1, 4), 16363: (1, 1), 16377: (0, 1), 16391: (255, 0), 16405: (1, 6), 16419: (2, 2), 16433: (1, 1), 16447: (0, 0), 16461: (0, 0), 16475: (1, 4), 16489: (1, 0), 16503: (1, 127), 16517: (1, 0), 16531: (0, 6), 16545: (0, 2), 16559: (255, 1), 16573: (255, 1), 16587: (1, 2), 16601: (2, 8), 16615: (2, 2), 16629: (1, 3), 16643: (2, 2), 16657: (1, 2), 16671: (2, 5), 16685: (2, 1), 16699: (1, 1), 16713: (255, 1), 16727: (0, 7), 16741: (1, 3), 16755: (1, 2), 16769: (1, 2), 16783: (0, 5), 16797: (255, 3), 16811: (1, 2), 16825: (1, 1), 16839: (0, 1), 16853: (0, 3), 16867: (0, 1), 16881: (0, 1), 16895: (255, 0), 16909: (255, 5), 16923: (0, 1), 16937: (0, 1), 16951: (0, 2), 16965: (0, 6), 16979: (255, 2), 16993: (255, 1), 17007: (0, 1), 17021: (1, 4), 17035: (0, 3), 17049: (255, 0), 17063: (255, 1), 17077: (0, 1), 17091: (0, 0), 17105: (255, 4), 17119: (0, 2), 17133: (0, 1), 17147: (255, 1), 17161: (255, 2), 17175: (0, 4), 17189: (0, 2), 17203: (0, 2), 17217: (0, 2), 17231: (0, 7), 17245: (2, 3), 17259: (2, 2), 17273: (2, 3), 17287: (3, 3), 17301: (2, 7), 17315: (2, 2), 17329: (2, 1), 17343: (2, 1), 17357: (1, 7), 17371: (0, 1), 17385: (0, 0), 17399: (0, 0), 17413: (0, 0), 17427: (1, 4), 17441: (0, 1), 17455: (0, 1), 17469: (0, 0), 17483: (0, 6), 17497: (0, 1), 17511: (1, 1), 17525: (1, 0), 17539: (0, 5), 17553: (1, 1), 17567: (1, 127), 17581: (0, 127), 17595: (0, 127), 17609: (1, 6), 17623: (1, 2), 17637: (0, 1), 17651: (254, 1), 17665: (255, 7), 17679: (1, 3), 17693: (1, 3), 17707: (0, 3), 17721: (0, 7), 17735: (0, 4), 17749: (0, 2), 17763: (1, 2), 17777: (0, 3), 17791: (0, 5), 17805: (0, 3), 17819: (0, 2), 17833: (255, 2), 17847: (255, 8), 17861: (0, 3), 17875: (1, 2), 17889: (0, 2), 17903: (254, 6), 17917: (255, 3), 17931: (0, 2), 17945: (255, 1), 17959: (255, 2), 17973: (0, 4), 17987: (0, 3), 18001: (255, 2), 18015: (0, 3), 18029: (2, 9), 18043: (1, 4), 18057: (1, 3), 18071: (2, 2), 18085: (2, 4), 18099: (2, 5), 18113: (1, 3), 18127: (2, 3), 18141: (1, 2), 18155: (0, 8), 18169: (0, 2), 18183: (0, 2), 18197: (0, 2), 18211: (1, 8), 18225: (1, 3), 18239: (0, 2), 18253: (255, 2), 18267: (0, 5), 18281: (1, 4), 18295: (1, 2), 18309: (0, 2), 18323: (255, 1), 18337: (0, 6), 18351: (0, 2), 18365: (0, 1), 18379: (0, 1), 18393: (1, 7), 18407: (0, 3), 18421: (0, 1), 18435: (255, 1), 18449: (255, 3), 18463: (0, 3), 18477: (1, 2), 18491: (0, 1), 18505: (255, 1), 18519: (0, 5), 18533: (0, 1), 18547: (1, 1), 18561: (0, 0), 18575: (0, 6), 18589: (0, 2), 18603: (0, 1), 18617: (0, 1), 18631: (1, 6), 18645: (0, 3), 18659: (0, 2), 18673: (1, 1), 18687: (0, 4), 18701: (0, 3), 18715: (1, 0), 18729: (1, 0), 18743: (0, 127), 18757: (0, 4), 18771: (0, 127), 18785: (0, 127), 18799: (0, 1), 18813: (0, 4), 18827: (0, 2), 18841: (255, 1), 18855: (255, 0), 18869: (255, 1), 18883: (0, 6), 18897: (255, 1), 18911: (255, 1), 18925: (255, 1), 18939: (0, 1), 18953: (255, 5), 18967: (255, 1), 18981: (255, 1), 18995: (255, 1), 19009: (255, 0), 19023: (0, 7), 19037: (1, 2), 19051: (255, 2), 19065: (255, 1), 19079: (1, 2), 19093: (1, 6), 19107: (1, 4), 19121: (0, 2), 19135: (1, 2), 19149: (0, 2), 19163: (255, 7), 19177: (0, 3), 19191: (0, 3), 19205: (0, 3), 19219: (0, 5), 19233: (0, 4), 19247: (255, 2), 19261: (0, 3), 19275: (1, 3), 19289: (1, 7), 19303: (255, 3), 19317: (254, 3), 19331: (0, 2), 19345: (255, 2), 19359: (255, 7), 19373: (0, 3), 19387: (0, 2), 19401: (255, 2), 19415: (1, 4), 19429: (1, 5), 19443: (1, 3), 19457: (1, 2), 19471: (2, 2), 19485: (2, 9), 19499: (1, 4), 19513: (1, 3), 19527: (2, 2), 19541: (3, 6), 19555: (2, 3), 19569: (0, 2), 19583: (0, 2), 19597: (0, 4), 19611: (0, 4), 19625: (0, 2), 19639: (0, 2), 19653: (0, 1), 19667: (1, 6), 19681: (0, 1), 19695: (0, 0), 19709: (0, 0), 19723: (0, 6), 19737: (0, 3), 19751: (255, 2), 19765: (254, 1), 19779: (255, 3), 19793: (0, 4), 19807: (0, 2), 19821: (0, 2), 19835: (255, 2), 19849: (255, 6), 19863: (255, 2), 19877: (1, 2), 19891: (1, 1), 19905: (0, 7), 19919: (0, 2), 19933: (255, 1), 19947: (0, 1), 19961: (0, 7), 19975: (0, 3), 19989: (0, 2), 20003: (255, 2), 20017: (255, 5), 20031: (0, 4), 20045: (0, 2), 20059: (0, 2), 20073: (255, 1), 20087: (0, 7), 20101: (255, 2), 20115: (255, 1), 20129: (0, 1), 20143: (0, 5), 20157: (255, 2), 20171: (255, 1), 20185: (254, 1), 20199: (255, 4), 20213: (0, 3), 20227: (0, 2), 20241: (255, 1), 20255: (254, 5), 20269: (255, 2), 20283: (1, 2), 20297: (1, 2), 20311: (255, 4), 20325: (255, 3), 20339: (0, 2), 20353: (255, 2), 20367: (255, 2), 20381: (255, 6), 20395: (0, 3), 20409: (0, 2), 20423: (255, 2), 20437: (255, 7), 20451: (255, 2), 20465: (0, 3), 20479: (1, 4), 20493: (1, 8), 20507: (255, 4), 20521: (255, 3), 20535: (255, 3), 20549: (0, 6), 20563: (255, 4), 20577: (255, 2), 20591: (255, 2), 20605: (255, 3), 20619: (255, 5), 20633: (255, 3), 20647: (0, 2), 20661: (255, 3), 20675: (255, 8), 20689: (0, 3), 20703: (255, 2), 20717: (255, 2), 20731: (255, 7), 20745: (0, 4), 20759: (255, 3), 20773: (254, 3), 20787: (255, 5), 20801: (0, 4), 20815: (0, 3), 20829: (255, 3), 20843: (255, 3), 20857: (255, 6), 20871: (255, 3), 20885: (0, 3), 20899: (0, 3), 20913: (255, 8), 20927: (255, 3), 20941: (254, 2), 20955: (255, 2), 20969: (255, 7), 20983: (255, 3), 20997: (255, 2), 21011: (254, 2), 21025: (254, 6), 21039: (254, 3), 21053: (254, 2), 21067: (254, 1), 21081: (255, 1), 21095: (255, 4), 21109: (254, 1), 21123: (253, 1), 21137: (254, 1), 21151: (0, 7), 21165: (254, 2), 21179: (253, 1), 21193: (254, 2), 21207: (255, 6), 21221: (255, 3), 21235: (255, 3), 21249: (254, 2), 21263: (254, 2), 21277: (255, 7), 21291: (0, 3), 21305: (1, 4), 21319: (1, 3), 21333: (1, 7), 21347: (2, 6), 21361: (0, 4), 21375: (255, 3), 21389: (0, 3), 21403: (1, 7), 21417: (0, 3), 21431: (0, 2), 21445: (0, 2), 21459: (0, 8), 21473: (1, 3), 21487: (1, 2), 21501: (0, 2), 21515: (255, 6), 21529: (0, 4), 21543: (0, 2), 21557: (255, 2), 21571: (255, 2), 21585: (0, 5), 21599: (0, 2), 21613: (255, 2), 21627: (254, 1), 21641: (0, 8), 21655: (1, 2), 21669: (2, 3), 21683: (1, 1), 21697: (1, 6), 21711: (1, 3), 21725: (1, 4), 21739: (1, 3), 21753: (1, 8), 21767: (0, 3), 21781: (0, 4), 21795: (0, 3), 21809: (1, 8), 21823: (2, 5), 21837: (2, 2), 21851: (2, 1), 21865: (2, 4), 21879: (1, 5), 21893: (1, 3), 21907: (1, 2), 21921: (0, 3), 21935: (1, 4), 21949: (1, 2), 21963: (0, 1), 21977: (1, 3), 21991: (1, 4), 22005: (2, 1), 22019: (2, 2), 22033: (1, 2), 22047: (1, 6), 22061: (1, 3), 22075: (1, 3), 22089: (2, 4), 22103: (1, 6), 22117: (0, 3), 22131: (0, 2), 22145: (1, 6), 22159: (0, 3), 22173: (0, 1), 22187: (0, 0), 22201: (0, 6), 22215: (255, 1), 22229: (255, 0), 22243: (255, 0), 22257: (0, 6), 22271: (1, 3), 22285: (0, 1), 22299: (0, 2), 22313: (255, 7), 22327: (254, 2), 22341: (255, 1), 22355: (0, 1), 22369: (255, 6), 22383: (255, 2), 22397: (0, 2), 22411: (0, 2), 22425: (255, 6), 22439: (0, 2), 22453: (0, 1), 22467: (0, 1), 22481: (255, 8), 22495: (0, 3), 22509: (0, 2), 22523: (254, 0), 22537: (255, 7), 22551: (2, 3), 22565: (2, 3), 22579: (1, 1), 22593: (0, 5), 22607: (2, 1), 22621: (2, 1), 22635: (0, 1), 22649: (1, 7), 22663: (1, 3), 22677: (1, 2), 22691: (0, 2), 22705: (0, 6), 22719: (0, 3), 22733: (0, 2), 22747: (0, 2), 22761: (0, 6), 22775: (0, 2), 22789: (0, 1), 22803: (0, 0), 22817: (1, 5), 22831: (0, 0), 22845: (0, 127), 22859: (0, 0), 22873: (0, 4), 22887: (255, 3), 22901: (255, 1), 22915: (255, 1), 22929: (0, 4), 22943: (0, 3), 22957: (255, 1), 22971: (255, 1), 22985: (255, 1), 22999: (1, 6), 23013: (1, 4), 23027: (255, 3), 23041: (255, 2), 23055: (0, 8), 23069: (0, 3), 23083: (0, 3), 23097: (0, 2), 23111: (0, 8), 23125: (0, 3), 23139: (1, 3), 23153: (1, 2), 23167: (1, 6), 23181: (0, 3), 23195: (0, 2), 23209: (0, 2), 23223: (255, 1), 23237: (255, 7), 23251: (0, 3), 23265: (0, 3), 23279: (0, 2), 23293: (255, 8), 23307: (255, 3), 23321: (0, 2), 23335: (0, 2), 23349: (0, 6), 23363: (0, 3), 23377: (255, 2), 23391: (255, 2), 23405: (1, 5), 23419: (1, 2), 23433: (0, 0), 23447: (0, 0), 23461: (1, 3), 23475: (0, 3), 23489: (0, 2), 23503: (0, 1), 23517: (0, 2), 23531: (0, 3), 23545: (0, 1), 23559: (0, 1), 23573: (255, 1), 23587: (0, 5), 23601: (0, 1), 23615: (1, 1), 23629: (0, 1), 23643: (255, 7), 23657: (0, 2), 23671: (1, 2), 23685: (0, 1), 23699: (255, 7), 23713: (0, 2), 23727: (0, 2), 23741: (0, 2), 23755: (0, 7), 23769: (1, 3), 23783: (255, 2), 23797: (255, 2), 23811: (0, 4), 23825: (0, 4), 23839: (0, 3), 23853: (2, 3), 23867: (2, 2), 23881: (2, 5), 23895: (0, 2), 23909: (1, 2), 23923: (1, 2), 23937: (2, 7), 23951: (1, 2), 23965: (0, 1), 23979: (255, 1), 23993: (255, 8), 24007: (1, 3), 24021: (0, 3), 24035: (255, 2), 24049: (255, 9), 24063: (1, 4), 24077: (1, 2), 24091: (0, 3), 24105: (0, 8), 24119: (0, 3), 24133: (255, 2), 24147: (255, 2), 24161: (255, 7), 24175: (255, 2), 24189: (1, 3), 24203: (1, 3), 24217: (0, 6), 24231: (0, 2), 24245: (0, 1), 24259: (1, 0), 24273: (2, 2), 24287: (2, 5), 24301: (1, 3), 24315: (1, 1), 24329: (2, 2), 24343: (2, 7), 24357: (1, 2), 24371: (1, 2), 24385: (0, 1), 24399: (0, 7), 24413: (0, 2), 24427: (1, 2), 24441: (0, 2), 24455: (255, 7), 24469: (0, 3), 24483: (0, 2), 24497: (255, 2), 24511: (255, 7), 24525: (0, 3), 24539: (0, 1), 24553: (0, 0), 24567: (255, 5), 24581: (0, 2), 24595: (0, 2), 24609: (1, 1), 24623: (0, 4), 24637: (255, 4), 24651: (255, 2), 24665: (255, 2), 24679: (0, 3), 24693: (0, 6), 24707: (255, 2), 24721: (255, 2), 24735: (0, 3), 24749: (255, 6), 24763: (255, 2), 24777: (1, 2), 24791: (0, 1), 24805: (255, 8), 24819: (0, 2), 24833: (0, 2), 24847: (255, 1), 24861: (0, 7), 24875: (0, 3), 24889: (255, 2), 24903: (254, 1), 24917: (254, 5), 24931: (255, 3), 24945: (255, 2), 24959: (255, 1), 24973: (255, 2), 24987: (255, 4), 25001: (255, 2), 25015: (0, 2), 25029: (255, 2), 25043: (0, 7), 25057: (0, 3), 25071: (0, 2), 25085: (255, 2), 25099: (255, 7), 25113: (255, 3), 25127: (0, 3), 25141: (0, 3), 25155: (254, 8), 25169: (255, 4), 25183: (255, 3), 25197: (255, 3), 25211: (0, 7), 25225: (0, 4), 25239: (254, 2), 25253: (254, 2), 25267: (255, 3), 25281: (0, 5), 25295: (255, 2), 25309: (254, 1), 25323: (255, 1), 25337: (0, 7), 25351: (0, 2), 25365: (254, 2), 25379: (255, 3), 25393: (255, 6), 25407: (255, 4), 25421: (255, 3), 25435: (255, 3), 25449: (254, 3), 25463: (254, 6), 25477: (0, 4), 25491: (255, 3), 25505: (254, 2), 25519: (254, 8), 25533: (255, 3), 25547: (255, 2), 25561: (254, 2), 25575: (254, 4), 25589: (255, 3), 25603: (255, 2), 25617: (255, 1), 25631: (255, 1), 25645: (254, 6), 25659: (254, 2), 25673: (255, 2), 25687: (0, 2), 25701: (254, 7), 25715: (255, 2), 25729: (0, 1), 25743: (1, 0), 25757: (0, 1), 25771: (0, 4), 25785: (0, 1), 25799: (0, 0), 25813: (255, 0), 25827: (0, 6), 25841: (255, 2), 25855: (255, 1), 25869: (255, 1), 25883: (255, 5), 25897: (255, 3), 25911: (254, 1), 25925: (255, 0), 25939: (0, 0), 25953: (0, 6), 25967: (255, 1), 25981: (255, 1), 25995: (0, 1), 26009: (0, 6), 26023: (0, 1), 26037: (0, 1), 26051: (254, 1), 26065: (254, 5), 26079: (255, 3), 26093: (255, 2), 26107: (254, 2), 26121: (255, 3), 26135: (1, 6), 26149: (0, 2), 26163: (254, 2), 26177: (255, 2), 26191: (0, 8), 26205: (0, 4), 26219: (255, 3), 26233: (255, 3), 26247: (255, 6), 26261: (255, 4), 26275: (0, 3), 26289: (1, 2), 26303: (0, 3), 26317: (255, 6), 26331: (255, 3), 26345: (255, 4), 26359: (255, 2), 26373: (0, 6), 26387: (0, 1), 26401: (255, 0), 26415: (254, 127), 26429: (255, 6), 26443: (255, 0), 26457: (255, 127), 26471: (255, 0), 26485: (255, 5), 26499: (255, 3), 26513: (254, 1), 26527: (254, 1), 26541: (255, 2), 26555: (0, 6), 26569: (254, 2), 26583: (254, 1), 26597: (254, 1), 26611: (255, 7), 26625: (255, 3), 26639: (254, 1), 26653: (253, 1), 26667: (254, 1), 26681: (0, 2), 26695: (0, 7), 26709: (1, 3), 26723: (1, 4), 26737: (2, 3), 26751: (2, 4), 26765: (0, 9), 26779: (0, 4), 26793: (0, 3), 26807: (1, 2), 26821: (1, 0), 26835: (255, 5), 26849: (255, 1), 26863: (255, 0), 26877: (0, 1), 26891: (0, 3), 26905: (255, 2), 26919: (254, 1), 26933: (255, 1), 26947: (0, 1), 26961: (255, 7), 26975: (255, 2), 26989: (0, 2), 27003: (0, 2), 27017: (255, 6), 27031: (255, 3), 27045: (0, 2), 27059: (0, 2), 27073: (255, 3), 27087: (255, 4), 27101: (255, 2), 27115: (254, 2), 27129: (254, 2), 27143: (255, 8), 27157: (255, 3), 27171: (254, 2), 27185: (254, 1), 27199: (255, 8), 27213: (255, 2), 27227: (254, 1), 27241: (254, 1), 27255: (255, 7), 27269: (255, 3), 27283: (254, 2), 27297: (255, 1), 27311: (255, 7), 27325: (254, 3), 27339: (254, 2), 27353: (254, 2), 27367: (254, 3), 27381: (254, 5), 27395: (255, 3), 27409: (255, 3), 27423: (254, 3), 27437: (254, 8), 27451: (255, 4), 27465: (0, 4), 27479: (255, 3), 27493: (255, 3), 27507: (255, 8), 27521: (255, 4), 27535: (255, 3), 27549: (0, 3), 27563: (0, 3), 27577: (255, 6), 27591: (254, 3), 27605: (255, 3), 27619: (0, 2), 27633: (0, 4), 27647: (0, 2), 27661: (255, 1), 27675: (255, 2), 27689: (0, 4), 27703: (1, 8), 27717: (2, 4), 27731: (2, 3), 27745: (2, 5), 27759: (0, 9), 27773: (0, 6), 27787: (0, 4), 27801: (0, 4), 27815: (0, 9), 27829: (255, 4), 27843: (255, 4), 27857: (255, 3), 27871: (255, 7), 27885: (255, 5), 27899: (0, 3), 27913: (255, 3), 27927: (255, 5), 27941: (0, 6), 27955: (0, 3), 27969: (255, 3), 27983: (255, 2), 27997: (0, 7), 28011: (255, 3), 28025: (254, 2), 28039: (254, 1), 28053: (0, 8), 28067: (1, 4), 28081: (0, 3), 28095: (255, 2), 28109: (255, 3), 28123: (255, 7), 28137: (0, 3), 28151: (0, 3), 28165: (0, 3), 28179: (255, 6), 28193: (255, 3), 28207: (255, 2), 28221: (0, 1), 28235: (0, 2), 28249: (0, 4), 28263: (255, 1), 28277: (255, 0), 28291: (254, 0), 28305: (255, 6), 28319: (0, 2), 28333: (0, 2), 28347: (255, 2), 28361: (255, 7), 28375: (255, 1), 28389: (255, 1), 28403: (0, 1), 28417: (1, 7), 28431: (0, 2), 28445: (255, 2), 28459: (255, 1), 28473: (255, 6), 28487: (0, 2), 28501: (255, 1), 28515: (255, 1), 28529: (255, 5), 28543: (255, 3), 28557: (255, 1), 28571: (255, 1), 28585: (255, 4), 28599: (255, 4), 28613: (255, 2), 28627: (254, 2), 28641: (254, 3), 28655: (255, 4), 28669: (255, 2), 28683: (255, 2), 28697: (254, 1), 28711: (255, 6), 28725: (254, 2), 28739: (254, 1), 28753: (255, 2), 28767: (255, 8), 28781: (254, 3), 28795: (253, 2), 28809: (254, 2), 28823: (255, 6), 28837: (255, 3), 28851: (254, 2), 28865: (254, 2), 28879: (254, 1), 28893: (254, 7), 28907: (254, 2), 28921: (255, 2), 28935: (254, 2), 28949: (254, 3), 28963: (255, 4), 28977: (254, 2), 28991: (253, 1), 29005: (254, 1), 29019: (255, 1), 29033: (254, 6), 29047: (254, 2), 29061: (254, 3), 29075: (255, 4), 29089: (255, 3), 29103: (254, 7), 29117: (255, 5), 29131: (254, 3), 29145: (254, 3), 29159: (254, 2), 29173: (255, 4), 29187: (254, 6), 29201: (254, 3), 29215: (255, 4), 29229: (255, 3), 29243: (253, 2), 29257: (255, 7), 29271: (255, 3), 29285: (254, 2), 29299: (253, 2), 29313: (254, 2), 29327: (0, 5), 29341: (255, 1), 29355: (255, 1), 29369: (255, 3), 29383: (255, 6), 29397: (255, 4), 29411: (255, 3), 29425: (255, 3), 29439: (255, 3), 29453: (255, 8), 29467: (255, 4), 29481: (255, 3), 29495: (254, 3), 29509: (254, 6), 29523: (255, 4), 29537: (255, 3), 29551: (254, 3), 29565: (255, 3), 29579: (255, 8), 29593: (255, 3), 29607: (254, 2), 29621: (0, 3), 29635: (255, 7), 29649: (254, 3), 29663: (255, 2), 29677: (1, 3), 29691: (0, 4), 29705: (0, 5), 29719: (0, 3), 29733: (1, 2), 29747: (1, 3), 29761: (2, 7), 29775: (1, 3), 29789: (0, 3), 29803: (255, 2), 29817: (1, 8), 29831: (1, 3), 29845: (255, 2), 29859: (255, 3), 29873: (255, 9), 29887: (0, 4), 29901: (255, 3), 29915: (255, 3), 29929: (0, 7), 29943: (0, 3), 29957: (255, 2), 29971: (255, 1), 29985: (255, 7), 29999: (0, 2), 30013: (0, 1), 30027: (0, 1), 30041: (0, 5), 30055: (255, 0), 30069: (255, 0), 30083: (0, 1), 30097: (0, 5), 30111: (254, 2), 30125: (254, 1), 30139: (255, 3), 30153: (255, 4), 30167: (0, 1), 30181: (255, 1), 30195: (254, 4), 30209: (254, 3), 30223: (254, 1), 30237: (255, 1), 30251: (255, 5), 30265: (255, 4), 30279: (255, 3), 30293: (255, 3), 30307: (255, 5), 30321: (255, 5), 30335: (0, 3), 30349: (0, 3), 30363: (255, 4), 30377: (0, 5), 30391: (255, 3), 30405: (255, 3), 30419: (0, 4), 30433: (0, 6), 30447: (255, 3), 30461: (254, 3), 30475: (0, 4), 30489: (0, 6), 30503: (255, 3), 30517: (254, 1), 30531: (0, 1), 30545: (0, 7), 30559: (255, 2), 30573: (255, 2), 30587: (255, 2), 30601: (254, 8), 30615: (255, 3), 30629: (0, 3), 30643: (255, 2), 30657: (253, 4), 30671: (255, 3), 30685: (0, 2), 30699: (254, 1), 30713: (253, 1), 30727: (254, 7), 30741: (255, 3), 30755: (255, 2), 30769: (254, 2), 30783: (255, 4), 30797: (255, 4), 30811: (255, 2), 30825: (255, 2), 30839: (255, 2), 30853: (255, 8), 30867: (255, 4), 30881: (0, 3), 30895: (0, 4), 30909: (255, 6), 30923: (255, 7), 30937: (0, 5), 30951: (255, 4), 30965: (254, 5), 30979: (254, 5), 30993: (255, 3), 31007: (255, 3), 31021: (254, 2), 31035: (255, 8), 31049: (254, 4), 31063: (254, 2), 31077: (255, 2), 31091: (255, 6), 31105: (255, 3), 31119: (254, 2), 31133: (254, 3), 31147: (255, 6), 31161: (255, 4), 31175: (255, 3), 31189: (255, 2), 31203: (0, 4), 31217: (255, 5), 31231: (254, 3), 31245: (254, 2), 31259: (255, 2), 31273: (255, 8), 31287: (255, 4), 31301: (255, 3), 31315: (254, 3), 31329: (254, 9), 31343: (255, 4), 31357: (0, 3), 31371: (255, 2), 31385: (255, 8), 31399: (255, 3), 31413: (255, 2), 31427: (255, 2), 31441: (255, 8), 31455: (255, 3), 31469: (254, 2), 31483: (255, 2), 31497: (255, 8), 31511: (254, 3), 31525: (254, 2), 31539: (255, 2), 31553: (255, 7), 31567: (254, 3), 31581: (253, 2), 31595: (254, 2), 31609: (255, 5), 31623: (255, 3), 31637: (254, 2), 31651: (254, 2), 31665: (254, 4), 31679: (255, 4), 31693: (255, 2), 31707: (255, 3), 31721: (254, 4), 31735: (255, 6), 31749: (255, 4), 31763: (255, 3), 31777: (254, 3), 31791: (255, 7), 31805: (255, 4), 31819: (254, 3), 31833: (253, 2), 31847: (255, 8), 31861: (255, 4), 31875: (255, 3), 31889: (255, 3), 31903: (254, 7), 31917: (254, 4), 31931: (254, 3), 31945: (255, 3), 31959: (255, 6), 31973: (254, 5), 31987: (254, 3), 32001: (255, 4), 32015: (0, 4), 32029: (255, 8), 32043: (255, 3), 32057: (255, 3), 32071: (255, 2), 32085: (255, 8), 32099: (255, 3), 32113: (255, 3), 32127: (255, 3), 32141: (255, 6), 32155: (255, 5), 32169: (254, 3), 32183: (254, 3), 32197: (255, 4), 32211: (0, 6), 32225: (255, 2), 32239: (254, 2), 32253: (254, 2), 32267: (254, 8), 32281: (254, 3), 32295: (255, 2), 32309: (254, 2), 32323: (255, 9), 32337: (255, 4), 32351: (254, 3), 32365: (255, 2), 32379: (254, 6), 32393: (254, 3), 32407: (254, 2), 32421: (254, 2), 32435: (253, 2), 32449: (254, 7), 32463: (255, 3), 32477: (254, 2), 32491: (255, 3), 32505: (255, 8), 32519: (255, 3), 32533: (255, 3), 32547: (255, 3), 32561: (255, 3), 32575: (254, 7), 32589: (254, 3), 32603: (255, 3), 32617: (0, 3), 32631: (254, 6), 32645: (254, 5), 32659: (255, 4), 32673: (255, 3), 32687: (254, 3), 32701: (255, 9), 32715: (255, 4), 32729: (254, 3), 32743: (254, 3), 32757: (255, 4), 32771: (255, 6), 32785: (254, 4), 32799: (255, 4), 32813: (255, 3), 32827: (255, 8), 32841: (254, 4), 32855: (255, 3), 32869: (0, 4), 32883: (255, 8), 32897: (0, 5), 32911: (1, 5), 32925: (1, 5), 32939: (1, 5), 32953: (1, 6), 32967: (2, 5), 32981: (1, 4), 32995: (0, 2), 33009: (2, 6), 33023: (1, 4), 33037: (0, 4), 33051: (0, 4), 33065: (0, 8), 33079: (1, 5), 33093: (255, 3), 33107: (255, 2), 33121: (255, 9), 33135: (255, 3), 33149: (255, 2), 33163: (255, 3), 33177: (255, 6), 33191: (255, 5), 33205: (255, 3), 33219: (255, 4), 33233: (255, 5), 33247: (254, 4), 33261: (255, 2), 33275: (255, 2), 33289: (255, 5), 33303: (255, 3), 33317: (255, 2), 33331: (254, 1), 33345: (255, 6), 33359: (255, 3), 33373: (255, 2), 33387: (254, 2), 33401: (254, 4), 33415: (255, 3), 33429: (255, 2), 33443: (254, 2), 33457: (255, 4), 33471: (1, 6), 33485: (1, 3), 33499: (0, 3), 33513: (0, 2), 33527: (1, 9), 33541: (0, 5), 33555: (0, 4), 33569: (0, 3), 33583: (255, 8), 33597: (254, 4), 33611: (255, 3), 33625: (2, 4), 33639: (1, 9), 33653: (255, 2), 33667: (255, 3), 33681: (1, 4), 33695: (0, 9), 33709: (255, 3), 33723: (0, 4), 33737: (1, 3), 33751: (0, 9), 33765: (1, 4), 33779: (1, 2), 33793: (1, 3), 33807: (1, 8), 33821: (1, 4), 33835: (0, 3), 33849: (255, 2), 33863: (255, 8), 33877: (0, 3), 33891: (1, 3), 33905: (255, 2), 33919: (255, 7), 33933: (255, 2), 33947: (0, 2), 33961: (0, 1), 33975: (255, 2), 33989: (255, 4), 34003: (254, 2), 34017: (254, 1), 34031: (255, 6), 34045: (0, 5), 34059: (254, 3), 34073: (254, 2), 34087: (255, 6), 34101: (255, 4), 34115: (255, 3), 34129: (0, 2), 34143: (1, 5), 34157: (0, 5), 34171: (0, 4), 34185: (255, 2), 34199: (0, 3), 34213: (0, 6), 34227: (0, 4), 34241: (0, 3), 34255: (255, 3), 34269: (255, 8), 34283: (0, 3), 34297: (0, 2), 34311: (255, 1), 34325: (255, 7), 34339: (0, 3), 34353: (0, 0), 34367: (0, 127), 34381: (0, 3), 34395: (1, 0), 34409: (0, 0), 34423: (0, 0), 34437: (255, 6), 34451: (255, 3), 34465: (0, 2), 34479: (1, 2), 34493: (0, 5), 34507: (255, 4), 34521: (255, 3), 34535: (0, 3), 34549: (0, 3), 34563: (0, 7), 34577: (255, 4), 34591: (255, 3), 34605: (255, 3), 34619: (0, 8), 34633: (255, 4), 34647: (0, 3), 34661: (255, 3), 34675: (0, 9), 34689: (255, 4), 34703: (255, 4), 34717: (255, 3), 34731: (0, 8), 34745: (1, 4), 34759: (0, 3), 34773: (255, 2), 34787: (255, 7), 34801: (0, 3), 34815: (0, 2), 34829: (255, 2), 34843: (255, 8), 34857: (255, 3), 34871: (255, 2), 34885: (0, 2), 34899: (0, 7), 34913: (255, 3), 34927: (255, 2), 34941: (254, 1), 34955: (255, 8), 34969: (255, 3), 34983: (255, 2), 34997: (255, 2), 35011: (255, 8), 35025: (254, 3), 35039: (253, 2), 35053: (254, 2), 35067: (255, 8), 35081: (254, 3), 35095: (254, 3), 35109: (254, 2), 35123: (254, 8), 35137: (254, 3), 35151: (255, 3), 35165: (255, 3), 35179: (254, 7), 35193: (254, 3), 35207: (255, 3), 35221: (0, 3), 35235: (255, 8), 35249: (255, 4), 35263: (255, 3), 35277: (255, 4), 35291: (254, 8), 35305: (255, 5), 35319: (255, 3), 35333: (255, 2), 35347: (0, 8), 35361: (1, 5), 35375: (255, 3), 35389: (255, 1), 35403: (1, 5), 35417: (3, 6), 35431: (1, 4), 35445: (255, 3), 35459: (255, 4), 35473: (0, 6), 35487: (0, 4), 35501: (255, 3), 35515: (255, 4), 35529: (255, 7), 35543: (255, 4), 35557: (255, 3), 35571: (255, 4), 35585: (255, 8), 35599: (255, 4), 35613: (0, 4), 35627: (255, 3), 35641: (254, 9), 35655: (254, 4), 35669: (255, 4), 35683: (0, 4), 35697: (255, 9), 35711: (254, 4), 35725: (255, 3), 35739: (0, 3), 35753: (0, 8), 35767: (255, 4), 35781: (254, 3), 35795: (254, 2), 35809: (255, 6), 35823: (255, 4), 35837: (254, 2), 35851: (254, 2), 35865: (254, 6), 35879: (255, 4), 35893: (255, 4), 35907: (255, 4), 35921: (255, 4), 35935: (255, 4), 35949: (254, 3), 35963: (254, 2), 35977: (254, 2), 35991: (254, 7), 36005: (254, 3), 36019: (255, 3), 36033: (253, 2), 36047: (254, 5), 36061: (255, 3), 36075: (0, 4), 36089: (254, 2), 36103: (254, 2), 36117: (255, 8), 36131: (0, 4), 36145: (255, 4), 36159: (255, 4), 36173: (255, 7), 36187: (254, 5), 36201: (255, 3), 36215: (255, 3), 36229: (255, 3), 36243: (255, 5), 36257: (255, 1), 36271: (0, 1), 36285: (255, 1), 36299: (254, 6), 36313: (0, 3), 36327: (0, 2), 36341: (255, 2), 36355: (255, 3), 36369: (0, 5), 36383: (0, 3), 36397: (0, 3), 36411: (255, 3), 36425: (0, 8), 36439: (255, 3), 36453: (255, 1), 36467: (0, 1), 36481: (0, 1), 36495: (255, 5), 36509: (254, 2), 36523: (0, 4), 36537: (0, 4), 36551: (255, 8), 36565: (255, 3), 36579: (255, 2), 36593: (253, 2), 36607: (253, 7), 36621: (254, 3), 36635: (255, 3), 36649: (254, 2), 36663: (254, 2), 36677: (255, 6), 36691: (255, 3), 36705: (255, 3), 36719: (255, 2), 36733: (255, 8), 36747: (0, 4), 36761: (255, 3), 36775: (255, 3), 36789: (255, 5), 36803: (255, 5), 36817: (255, 4), 36831: (0, 4), 36845: (255, 3), 36859: (255, 8), 36873: (255, 3), 36887: (255, 2), 36901: (254, 0), 36915: (255, 6), 36929: (255, 1), 36943: (255, 1), 36957: (255, 2), 36971: (254, 1), 36985: (0, 6), 36999: (0, 2), 37013: (0, 2), 37027: (0, 3), 37041: (0, 7), 37055: (0, 3), 37069: (0, 3), 37083: (0, 2), 37097: (0, 7), 37111: (255, 4), 37125: (254, 2), 37139: (255, 3), 37153: (0, 3), 37167: (1, 8), 37181: (1, 4), 37195: (1, 5), 37209: (255, 4), 37223: (255, 8), 37237: (0, 3), 37251: (0, 1), 37265: (255, 2), 37279: (255, 8), 37293: (255, 2), 37307: (254, 1), 37321: (254, 2), 37335: (255, 7), 37349: (0, 3), 37363: (254, 2), 37377: (253, 2), 37391: (254, 7), 37405: (255, 3), 37419: (255, 2), 37433: (255, 3), 37447: (0, 8), 37461: (254, 4), 37475: (254, 2), 37489: (254, 2), 37503: (255, 5), 37517: (255, 5), 37531: (254, 4), 37545: (255, 3), 37559: (255, 6), 37573: (254, 6), 37587: (254, 4), 37601: (0, 4), 37615: (0, 6), 37629: (255, 7), 37643: (255, 4), 37657: (255, 4), 37671: (0, 4), 37685: (0, 8), 37699: (0, 4), 37713: (255, 3), 37727: (254, 3), 37741: (255, 8), 37755: (255, 5), 37769: (255, 3), 37783: (254, 3), 37797: (255, 9), 37811: (0, 5), 37825: (255, 3), 37839: (254, 3), 37853: (255, 10), 37867: (255, 5), 37881: (255, 4), 37895: (0, 4), 37909: (255, 8), 37923: (255, 3), 37937: (0, 4), 37951: (1, 3), 37965: (0, 3), 37979: (255, 8), 37993: (255, 4), 38007: (255, 3), 38021: (255, 3), 38035: (255, 3), 38049: (255, 6), 38063: (255, 3), 38077: (255, 1), 38091: (0, 0), 38105: (1, 127), 38119: (0, 4), 38133: (0, 127), 38147: (0, 126), 38161: (1, 125), 38175: (255, 2), 38189: (255, 1), 38203: (0, 2), 38217: (0, 2), 38231: (255, 4), 38245: (255, 3), 38259: (0, 2), 38273: (0, 2), 38287: (255, 2), 38301: (0, 5), 38315: (0, 2), 38329: (255, 2), 38343: (255, 1), 38357: (1, 5), 38371: (0, 1), 38385: (0, 0), 38399: (0, 127), 38413: (0, 4), 38427: (0, 0), 38441: (255, 0), 38455: (255, 0), 38469: (0, 4), 38483: (0, 2), 38497: (255, 1), 38511: (255, 1), 38525: (0, 2), 38539: (0, 6), 38553: (0, 3), 38567: (0, 2), 38581: (255, 2), 38595: (254, 6), 38609: (0, 3), 38623: (0, 3), 38637: (255, 2), 38651: (254, 6), 38665: (255, 4), 38679: (0, 4), 38693: (255, 4), 38707: (255, 4), 38721: (0, 5), 38735: (0, 2), 38749: (0, 1), 38763: (1, 127), 38777: (2, 3), 38791: (2, 127), 38805: (1, 126), 38819: (1, 127), 38833: (0, 5), 38847: (0, 1), 38861: (0, 1), 38875: (0, 2), 38889: (0, 5), 38903: (255, 3), 38917: (0, 2), 38931: (0, 2), 38945: (0, 3), 38959: (0, 4), 38973: (255, 2), 38987: (254, 1), 39001: (254, 1), 39015: (255, 6), 39029: (0, 3), 39043: (255, 3), 39057: (254, 2), 39071: (255, 8), 39085: (255, 4), 39099: (254, 3), 39113: (255, 2), 39127: (0, 8), 39141: (0, 4), 39155: (255, 3), 39169: (255, 2), 39183: (255, 4), 39197: (255, 5), 39211: (255, 3), 39225: (0, 3), 39239: (255, 3), 39253: (254, 6), 39267: (255, 3), 39281: (255, 3), 39295: (0, 3), 39309: (255, 8), 39323: (255, 3), 39337: (255, 3), 39351: (255, 3), 39365: (255, 9), 39379: (0, 4), 39393: (0, 4), 39407: (255, 3), 39421: (255, 9), 39435: (255, 4), 39449: (255, 3), 39463: (255, 3), 39477: (255, 8), 39491: (255, 4), 39505: (254, 2), 39519: (254, 2), 39533: (0, 6), 39547: (0, 3), 39561: (255, 2), 39575: (254, 2), 39589: (254, 5), 39603: (0, 7), 39617: (0, 4), 39631: (255, 4), 39645: (255, 3), 39659: (254, 7), 39673: (255, 4), 39687: (255, 3), 39701: (254, 3), 39715: (254, 9), 39729: (255, 4), 39743: (255, 4), 39757: (254, 3), 39771: (255, 9), 39785: (0, 5), 39799: (255, 4), 39813: (255, 4), 39827: (255, 8), 39841: (255, 4), 39855: (254, 2), 39869: (254, 2), 39883: (255, 7), 39897: (255, 4), 39911: (255, 3), 39925: (255, 3), 39939: (0, 8), 39953: (0, 5), 39967: (254, 3), 39981: (253, 2), 39995: (255, 5), 40009: (255, 5), 40023: (255, 4), 40037: (254, 3), 40051: (254, 3), 40065: (254, 7), 40079: (254, 3), 40093: (255, 3), 40107: (254, 2), 40121: (254, 3), 40135: (254, 6), 40149: (254, 3), 40163: (254, 3), 40177: (253, 2), 40191: (254, 3), 40205: (255, 6), 40219: (254, 4), 40233: (254, 3), 40247: (254, 3), 40261: (255, 5), 40275: (255, 6), 40289: (0, 5), 40303: (255, 5), 40317: (254, 2), 40331: (254, 7), 40345: (1, 5), 40359: (0, 4), 40373: (254, 3), 40387: (254, 3), 40401: (255, 7), 40415: (0, 5), 40429: (255, 3), 40443: (255, 2), 40457: (255, 3), 40471: (255, 6), 40485: (255, 4), 40499: (254, 3), 40513: (254, 2), 40527: (255, 1), 40541: (0, 6), 40555: (255, 2), 40569: (255, 1), 40583: (254, 1), 40597: (255, 0), 40611: (1, 6), 40625: (0, 2), 40639: (255, 1), 40653: (255, 1), 40667: (255, 4), 40681: (255, 4), 40695: (255, 2), 40709: (0, 2), 40723: (255, 1), 40737: (255, 7), 40751: (255, 2), 40765: (255, 1), 40779: (255, 1), 40793: (255, 5), 40807: (1, 2), 40821: (1, 0), 40835: (255, 0), 40849: (254, 0), 40863: (255, 6), 40877: (0, 2), 40891: (0, 2), 40905: (0, 2), 40919: (255, 6), 40933: (255, 3), 40947: (255, 2), 40961: (0, 2), 40975: (255, 1), 40989: (255, 6), 41003: (255, 2), 41017: (254, 2), 41031: (254, 2), 41045: (254, 6), 41059: (255, 3), 41073: (254, 2), 41087: (254, 2), 41101: (255, 4), 41115: (0, 5), 41129: (0, 4), 41143: (0, 4), 41157: (255, 3), 41171: (255, 9), 41185: (254, 4), 41199: (254, 4), 41213: (0, 4), 41227: (0, 8), 41241: (255, 5), 41255: (254, 3), 41269: (0, 2), 41283: (255, 2), 41297: (255, 8), 41311: (255, 3), 41325: (255, 3), 41339: (255, 3), 41353: (254, 8), 41367: (255, 5), 41381: (255, 3), 41395: (254, 3), 41409: (254, 7), 41423: (255, 5), 41437: (254, 3), 41451: (254, 3), 41465: (254, 3), 41479: (255, 9), 41493: (254, 4), 41507: (254, 3), 41521: (255, 4), 41535: (255, 9), 41549: (254, 4), 41563: (254, 3), 41577: (0, 3), 41591: (255, 5), 41605: (254, 4), 41619: (255, 4), 41633: (255, 3), 41647: (254, 2), 41661: (255, 7), 41675: (0, 4), 41689: (255, 2), 41703: (254, 2), 41717: (255, 7), 41731: (255, 4), 41745: (0, 2), 41759: (0, 0), 41773: (255, 1), 41787: (255, 6), 41801: (255, 2), 41815: (255, 2), 41829: (255, 1), 41843: (254, 5), 41857: (254, 4), 41871: (255, 3), 41885: (255, 3), 41899: (255, 4), 41913: (255, 8), 41927: (255, 3), 41941: (254, 3), 41955: (254, 3), 41969: (254, 6), 41983: (255, 5), 41997: (254, 3), 42011: (254, 3), 42025: (254, 2), 42039: (254, 8), 42053: (254, 3), 42067: (254, 3), 42081: (255, 3), 42095: (254, 6), 42109: (254, 4), 42123: (253, 3), 42137: (254, 2), 42151: (254, 2), 42165: (254, 8), 42179: (254, 3), 42193: (254, 3), 42207: (254, 3), 42221: (255, 7), 42235: (255, 5), 42249: (255, 4), 42263: (254, 3), 42277: (254, 4), 42291: (255, 8), 42305: (255, 4), 42319: (255, 4), 42333: (255, 3), 42347: (255, 3), 42361: (254, 8), 42375: (254, 3), 42389: (255, 2), 42403: (255, 2), 42417: (255, 2), 42431: (255, 5), 42445: (255, 4), 42459: (254, 4), 42473: (254, 3), 42487: (255, 9), 42501: (255, 5), 42515: (255, 4), 42529: (254, 4), 42543: (255, 8), 42557: (255, 5), 42571: (254, 4), 42585: (254, 5), 42599: (254, 4), 42613: (255, 9), 42627: (254, 5), 42641: (254, 4), 42655: (255, 5), 42669: (0, 7), 42683: (1, 4), 42697: (1, 3), 42711: (0, 3), 42725: (0, 2), 42739: (1, 6), 42753: (1, 3), 42767: (0, 3), 42781: (255, 2), 42795: (0, 8), 42809: (1, 4), 42823: (255, 2), 42837: (0, 3), 42851: (255, 3), 42865: (255, 5), 42879: (255, 2), 42893: (255, 2), 42907: (255, 2), 42921: (255, 6), 42935: (0, 3), 42949: (0, 2), 42963: (255, 1), 42977: (255, 1), 42991: (0, 1), 43005: (1, 0), 43019: (1, 0), 43033: (1, 126), 43047: (0, 4), 43061: (0, 3), 43075: (255, 2), 43089: (255, 3), 43103: (255, 5), 43117: (255, 4), 43131: (254, 2), 43145: (255, 3), 43159: (255, 3), 43173: (255, 5), 43187: (255, 3), 43201: (255, 2), 43215: (255, 3), 43229: (255, 7), 43243: (255, 3), 43257: (0, 2), 43271: (255, 2), 43285: (255, 7), 43299: (255, 3), 43313: (255, 2), 43327: (255, 3), 43341: (255, 8), 43355: (0, 3), 43369: (255, 3), 43383: (254, 2), 43397: (255, 8), 43411: (0, 3), 43425: (255, 2), 43439: (255, 2), 43453: (255, 7), 43467: (255, 3), 43481: (254, 2), 43495: (255, 2), 43509: (255, 7), 43523: (255, 3), 43537: (255, 3), 43551: (0, 3), 43565: (0, 6), 43579: (255, 5), 43593: (254, 3), 43607: (255, 3), 43621: (0, 5), 43635: (255, 6), 43649: (254, 3), 43663: (254, 2), 43677: (254, 2), 43691: (254, 7), 43705: (253, 2), 43719: (254, 2), 43733: (254, 2), 43747: (254, 8), 43761: (254, 3), 43775: (253, 2), 43789: (253, 2), 43803: (254, 5), 43817: (255, 4), 43831: (254, 2), 43845: (253, 1), 43859: (253, 1), 43873: (254, 9), 43887: (254, 5), 43901: (254, 4), 43915: (254, 3), 43929: (254, 4), 43943: (254, 9), 43957: (254, 4), 43971: (255, 5), 43985: (255, 4), 43999: (254, 3), 44013: (255, 9), 44027: (255, 5), 44041: (254, 4), 44055: (254, 4), 44069: (255, 6), 44083: (0, 7), 44097: (254, 5), 44111: (254, 4), 44125: (254, 3), 44139: (255, 9), 44153: (255, 5), 44167: (255, 3), 44181: (255, 3), 44195: (254, 5), 44209: (255, 7), 44223: (254, 4), 44237: (254, 5), 44251: (254, 4), 44265: (255, 9), 44279: (255, 5), 44293: (254, 4), 44307: (253, 4), 44321: (253, 8), 44335: (255, 5), 44349: (254, 4), 44363: (254, 3), 44377: (253, 7), 44391: (254, 4), 44405: (254, 3), 44419: (254, 2), 44433: (255, 5), 44447: (254, 4), 44461: (254, 2), 44475: (254, 1), 44489: (254, 0), 44503: (254, 5), 44517: (254, 2), 44531: (254, 2), 44545: (254, 2), 44559: (253, 7), 44573: (253, 2), 44587: (253, 2), 44601: (254, 2), 44615: (254, 8), 44629: (254, 3), 44643: (253, 2), 44657: (252, 2), 44671: (254, 9), 44685: (255, 4), 44699: (254, 4), 44713: (254, 4), 44727: (253, 3), 44741: (255, 8), 44755: (254, 5), 44769: (254, 4), 44783: (254, 3), 44797: (254, 8), 44811: (254, 6), 44825: (254, 4), 44839: (254, 3), 44853: (254, 4), 44867: (255, 8), 44881: (254, 4), 44895: (254, 4), 44909: (253, 4), 44923: (254, 9), 44937: (0, 5), 44951: (255, 5), 44965: (254, 3), 44979: (254, 4), 44993: (254, 9), 45007: (255, 5), 45021: (255, 5), 45035: (254, 4), 45049: (255, 8), 45063: (255, 7), 45077: (0, 4), 45091: (1, 4), 45105: (1, 4), 45119: (0, 9), 45133: (1, 6), 45147: (2, 5), 45161: (2, 3), 45175: (255, 9), 45189: (0, 4), 45203: (0, 4), 45217: (255, 4), 45231: (254, 8), 45245: (255, 5), 45259: (255, 4), 45273: (255, 3), 45287: (255, 6), 45301: (255, 6), 45315: (254, 3), 45329: (254, 2), 45343: (255, 2), 45357: (1, 5), 45371: (255, 0), 45385: (254, 1), 45399: (255, 2), 45413: (255, 8), 45427: (254, 3), 45441: (254, 2), 45455: (254, 2), 45469: (255, 8), 45483: (254, 3), 45497: (254, 2), 45511: (254, 1), 45525: (254, 7), 45539: (255, 3), 45553: (254, 2), 45567: (255, 3), 45581: (255, 3), 45595: (0, 8), 45609: (1, 5), 45623: (1, 5), 45637: (0, 4), 45651: (0, 8), 45665: (0, 5), 45679: (255, 3), 45693: (255, 3), 45707: (255, 6), 45721: (255, 4), 45735: (254, 3), 45749: (255, 2), 45763: (255, 4), 45777: (255, 5), 45791: (255, 4), 45805: (255, 3), 45819: (255, 4), 45833: (254, 7), 45847: (254, 3), 45861: (255, 4), 45875: (255, 3), 45889: (254, 7), 45903: (254, 3), 45917: (254, 3), 45931: (255, 3), 45945: (254, 9), 45959: (255, 4), 45973: (254, 4), 45987: (253, 3), 46001: (253, 7), 46015: (255, 5), 46029: (255, 4), 46043: (254, 3), 46057: (254, 4), 46071: (255, 5), 46085: (254, 3), 46099: (254, 2), 46113: (255, 1), 46127: (255, 8), 46141: (255, 3), 46155: (254, 3), 46169: (255, 2), 46183: (255, 6), 46197: (255, 3), 46211: (0, 3), 46225: (255, 3), 46239: (254, 4), 46253: (254, 4), 46267: (254, 3), 46281: (254, 3), 46295: (254, 2), 46309: (255, 8), 46323: (0, 5), 46337: (0, 3), 46351: (0, 4), 46365: (0, 4), 46379: (1, 5), 46393: (0, 5), 46407: (255, 4), 46421: (0, 3), 46435: (255, 8), 46449: (255, 4), 46463: (255, 4), 46477: (255, 4), 46491: (255, 4), 46505: (254, 6), 46519: (254, 5), 46533: (255, 4), 46547: (255, 4), 46561: (254, 4), 46575: (254, 8), 46589: (255, 4), 46603: (255, 4), 46617: (0, 4), 46631: (0, 4), 46645: (255, 5), 46659: (255, 3), 46673: (0, 2), 46687: (0, 2), 46701: (255, 6), 46715: (255, 2), 46729: (255, 2), 46743: (0, 2), 46757: (255, 2), 46771: (255, 6), 46785: (255, 3), 46799: (255, 3), 46813: (255, 3), 46827: (255, 9), 46841: (254, 5), 46855: (254, 4), 46869: (255, 4), 46883: (0, 9), 46897: (254, 4), 46911: (253, 3), 46925: (255, 4), 46939: (255, 7), 46953: (254, 5), 46967: (254, 3), 46981: (255, 3), 46995: (254, 5), 47009: (255, 6), 47023: (255, 4), 47037: (254, 3), 47051: (253, 2), 47065: (254, 6), 47079: (255, 3), 47093: (255, 2), 47107: (254, 2), 47121: (255, 7), 47135: (0, 3), 47149: (255, 3), 47163: (255, 2), 47177: (0, 7), 47191: (1, 1), 47205: (1, 1), 47219: (0, 0), 47233: (0, 4), 47247: (0, 127), 47261: (255, 0), 47275: (255, 0), 47289: (0, 7), 47303: (255, 3), 47317: (254, 2), 47331: (254, 2), 47345: (255, 7), 47359: (255, 5), 47373: (254, 3), 47387: (254, 3), 47401: (255, 5), 47415: (255, 6), 47429: (254, 4), 47443: (255, 4), 47457: (255, 5), 47471: (255, 7), 47485: (254, 4), 47499: (253, 3), 47513: (253, 6), 47527: (254, 5), 47541: (255, 4), 47555: (254, 3), 47569: (253, 4), 47583: (253, 5), 47597: (255, 4), 47611: (255, 3), 47625: (255, 4), 47639: (255, 7), 47653: (254, 3), 47667: (255, 4), 47681: (254, 3), 47695: (255, 8), 47709: (255, 4), 47723: (255, 4), 47737: (255, 4), 47751: (255, 8), 47765: (254, 4), 47779: (254, 3), 47793: (255, 4), 47807: (0, 10), 47821: (255, 5), 47835: (254, 3), 47849: (254, 3), 47863: (255, 9), 47877: (255, 5), 47891: (255, 4), 47905: (255, 4), 47919: (254, 8), 47933: (254, 5), 47947: (254, 4), 47961: (254, 4), 47975: (255, 10), 47989: (255, 5), 48003: (255, 5), 48017: (254, 4), 48031: (255, 8), 48045: (255, 3), 48059: (255, 3), 48073: (255, 4), 48087: (254, 8), 48101: (255, 4), 48115: (254, 3), 48129: (255, 3), 48143: (255, 9), 48157: (255, 4), 48171: (254, 3), 48185: (254, 3), 48199: (254, 8), 48213: (255, 3), 48227: (254, 2), 48241: (253, 2), 48255: (254, 7), 48269: (254, 3), 48283: (254, 2), 48297: (254, 1), 48311: (254, 6), 48325: (254, 4), 48339: (254, 3), 48353: (253, 2), 48367: (254, 5), 48381: (253, 4), 48395: (254, 3), 48409: (254, 3), 48423: (254, 4), 48437: (253, 6), 48451: (252, 3), 48465: (254, 3), 48479: (255, 3), 48493: (254, 10), 48507: (254, 4), 48521: (254, 4), 48535: (254, 4), 48549: (254, 4), 48563: (255, 7), 48577: (254, 4), 48591: (254, 4), 48605: (254, 3), 48619: (255, 9), 48633: (254, 5), 48647: (254, 4), 48661: (255, 4), 48675: (255, 5), 48689: (254, 9), 48703: (254, 5), 48717: (254, 5), 48731: (255, 4), 48745: (255, 10), 48759: (254, 5), 48773: (254, 5), 48787: (255, 4), 48801: (255, 6), 48815: (0, 6), 48829: (255, 4), 48843: (254, 4), 48857: (255, 4), 48871: (255, 9), 48885: (255, 4), 48899: (254, 3), 48913: (255, 3), 48927: (255, 8), 48941: (254, 4), 48955: (253, 2), 48969: (254, 2), 48983: (254, 2), 48997: (254, 7), 49011: (254, 3), 49025: (254, 3), 49039: (253, 2), 49053: (254, 9), 49067: (255, 4), 49081: (255, 3), 49095: (255, 4), 49109: (254, 8), 49123: (255, 3), 49137: (1, 4), 49151: (1, 5), 49165: (0, 9), 49179: (0, 5), 49193: (0, 4), 49207: (0, 2), 49221: (0, 8), 49235: (0, 3), 49249: (255, 2), 49263: (0, 2), 49277: (1, 8), 49291: (0, 3), 49305: (255, 2), 49319: (255, 2), 49333: (0, 8), 49347: (0, 4), 49361: (254, 2), 49375: (254, 2), 49389: (255, 8), 49403: (255, 4), 49417: (254, 3), 49431: (254, 2), 49445: (253, 4), 49459: (253, 4), 49473: (254, 2), 49487: (254, 2), 49501: (254, 3), 49515: (254, 4), 49529: (254, 2), 49543: (253, 1), 49557: (253, 2), 49571: (254, 5), 49585: (254, 2), 49599: (254, 2), 49613: (253, 1), 49627: (253, 7), 49641: (253, 3), 49655: (254, 3), 49669: (255, 3), 49683: (255, 4), 49697: (254, 6), 49711: (253, 3), 49725: (253, 2), 49739: (254, 2), 49753: (255, 4), 49767: (254, 5), 49781: (253, 2), 49795: (254, 2), 49809: (254, 2), 49823: (255, 6), 49837: (255, 5), 49851: (0, 2), 49865: (0, 3), 49879: (1, 5), 49893: (1, 6), 49907: (255, 8), 49921: (255, 5), 49935: (255, 4), 49949: (255, 4), 49963: (254, 4), 49977: (254, 9), 49991: (255, 4), 50005: (0, 4), 50019: (255, 3), 50033: (254, 2), 50047: (255, 2), 50061: (0, 1), 50075: (0, 2), 50089: (2, 1), 50103: (2, 5), 50117: (1, 4), 50131: (255, 3), 50145: (255, 3), 50159: (0, 3), 50173: (255, 8), 50187: (255, 3), 50201: (0, 4), 50215: (255, 3), 50229: (255, 8), 50243: (0, 4), 50257: (0, 3), 50271: (0, 3), 50285: (0, 4), 50299: (1, 7), 50313: (1, 5), 50327: (1, 3), 50341: (1, 3), 50355: (1, 8), 50369: (0, 6), 50383: (0, 4), 50397: (0, 4), 50411: (255, 8), 50425: (254, 4), 50439: (254, 3), 50453: (255, 3), 50467: (255, 4), 50481: (255, 5), 50495: (0, 3), 50509: (0, 2), 50523: (254, 2), 50537: (254, 7), 50551: (254, 3), 50565: (255, 3), 50579: (255, 2), 50593: (255, 8), 50607: (0, 3), 50621: (255, 2), 50635: (254, 3), 50649: (254, 7), 50663: (0, 4), 50677: (255, 4), 50691: (254, 3), 50705: (254, 4), 50719: (255, 5), 50733: (0, 4), 50747: (0, 3), 50761: (255, 3), 50775: (255, 6), 50789: (255, 3), 50803: (0, 2), 50817: (0, 2), 50831: (255, 8), 50845: (254, 4), 50859: (255, 3), 50873: (254, 3), 50887: (254, 8), 50901: (254, 4), 50915: (255, 3), 50929: (255, 3), 50943: (254, 7), 50957: (254, 3), 50971: (254, 3), 50985: (255, 3), 50999: (0, 8), 51013: (0, 4), 51027: (0, 3), 51041: (0, 3), 51055: (0, 6), 51069: (1, 6), 51083: (1, 5), 51097: (255, 3), 51111: (254, 5), 51125: (254, 6), 51139: (255, 4), 51153: (254, 4), 51167: (255, 3), 51181: (255, 8), 51195: (255, 5), 51209: (254, 4), 51223: (255, 4), 51237: (255, 8), 51251: (0, 4), 51265: (0, 4), 51279: (255, 3), 51293: (255, 9), 51307: (254, 4), 51321: (255, 3), 51335: (255, 2), 51349: (255, 8), 51363: (255, 4), 51377: (255, 2), 51391: (255, 2), 51405: (255, 8), 51419: (0, 4), 51433: (0, 2), 51447: (255, 2), 51461: (254, 7), 51475: (255, 3), 51489: (254, 3), 51503: (254, 2), 51517: (255, 5), 51531: (0, 5), 51545: (255, 3), 51559: (254, 3), 51573: (254, 5), 51587: (0, 5), 51601: (255, 3), 51615: (255, 3), 51629: (254, 3), 51643: (255, 7), 51657: (255, 5), 51671: (255, 4), 51685: (255, 4), 51699: (255, 8), 51713: (254, 3), 51727: (255, 3), 51741: (1, 5), 51755: (1, 11), 51769: (1, 4), 51783: (2, 3), 51797: (2, 3), 51811: (0, 9), 51825: (1, 4), 51839: (2, 3), 51853: (1, 4), 51867: (0, 10), 51881: (0, 5), 51895: (255, 4), 51909: (254, 3), 51923: (0, 9), 51937: (1, 4), 51951: (1, 3), 51965: (255, 3), 51979: (255, 8), 51993: (255, 4), 52007: (0, 4), 52021: (255, 4), 52035: (255, 7), 52049: (0, 4), 52063: (255, 3), 52077: (255, 4), 52091: (0, 7), 52105: (0, 5), 52119: (255, 4), 52133: (0, 5), 52147: (0, 6), 52161: (255, 3), 52175: (0, 2), 52189: (1, 3), 52203: (1, 2), 52217: (0, 126), 52231: (0, 126), 52245: (1, 3), 52259: (1, 2), 52273: (0, 0), 52287: (0, 0), 52301: (0, 4), 52315: (255, 4), 52329: (255, 2), 52343: (0, 3), 52357: (0, 8), 52371: (255, 5), 52385: (255, 3), 52399: (255, 4), 52413: (255, 8), 52427: (255, 4), 52441: (255, 3), 52455: (0, 3), 52469: (255, 8), 52483: (254, 3), 52497: (254, 2), 52511: (254, 2), 52525: (255, 8), 52539: (255, 2), 52553: (254, 2), 52567: (253, 2), 52581: (254, 8), 52595: (254, 3), 52609: (255, 3), 52623: (254, 2), 52637: (254, 6), 52651: (0, 4), 52665: (1, 3), 52679: (0, 3), 52693: (1, 7), 52707: (1, 6), 52721: (1, 6), 52735: (0, 9), 52749: (0, 6), 52763: (255, 5), 52777: (255, 4), 52791: (255, 8), 52805: (1, 7), 52819: (1, 5), 52833: (254, 3), 52847: (255, 9), 52861: (255, 5), 52875: (255, 4), 52889: (255, 4), 52903: (255, 10), 52917: (255, 6), 52931: (255, 5), 52945: (255, 4), 52959: (0, 10), 52973: (255, 4), 52987: (255, 3), 53001: (255, 2), 53015: (255, 9), 53029: (255, 5), 53043: (255, 4), 53057: (0, 4), 53071: (0, 10), 53085: (255, 5), 53099: (254, 4), 53113: (255, 4), 53127: (0, 10), 53141: (255, 4), 53155: (255, 3), 53169: (255, 2), 53183: (255, 9), 53197: (0, 3), 53211: (255, 2), 53225: (255, 2), 53239: (254, 8), 53253: (254, 3), 53267: (255, 3), 53281: (255, 2), 53295: (0, 9), 53309: (0, 4), 53323: (1, 3), 53337: (0, 3), 53351: (0, 9), 53365: (1, 4), 53379: (2, 3), 53393: (1, 5), 53407: (255, 9), 53421: (255, 4), 53435: (255, 4), 53449: (255, 3), 53463: (0, 9), 53477: (0, 4), 53491: (255, 4), 53505: (254, 3), 53519: (255, 8), 53533: (0, 5), 53547: (255, 4), 53561: (254, 3), 53575: (255, 9), 53589: (0, 5), 53603: (255, 5), 53617: (255, 4), 53631: (255, 10), 53645: (255, 5), 53659: (0, 5), 53673: (0, 4), 53687: (255, 11), 53701: (255, 4), 53715: (0, 2), 53729: (1, 0), 53743: (1, 5), 53757: (0, 127), 53771: (255, 126), 53785: (1, 127), 53799: (0, 4), 53813: (0, 0), 53827: (255, 1), 53841: (255, 2), 53855: (255, 5), 53869: (0, 2), 53883: (0, 3), 53897: (255, 6), 53911: (255, 5), 53925: (255, 3), 53939: (0, 3), 53953: (255, 7), 53967: (255, 5), 53981: (0, 4), 53995: (255, 3), 54009: (255, 7), 54023: (255, 4), 54037: (254, 2), 54051: (0, 3), 54065: (0, 8), 54079: (0, 5), 54093: (0, 3), 54107: (0, 2), 54121: (0, 8), 54135: (2, 4), 54149: (2, 5), 54163: (0, 4), 54177: (255, 9), 54191: (0, 4), 54205: (0, 4), 54219: (255, 4), 54233: (0, 9), 54247: (0, 4), 54261: (255, 4), 54275: (255, 5), 54289: (0, 7), 54303: (0, 4), 54317: (255, 4), 54331: (254, 7), 54345: (255, 5), 54359: (255, 4), 54373: (254, 2), 54387: (0, 9), 54401: (1, 5), 54415: (0, 5), 54429: (255, 5), 54443: (0, 10), 54457: (1, 5), 54471: (0, 5), 54485: (255, 3), 54499: (255, 10), 54513: (255, 5), 54527: (255, 5), 54541: (255, 4), 54555: (255, 10), 54569: (254, 4), 54583: (254, 5), 54597: (255, 6), 54611: (0, 7), 54625: (255, 5), 54639: (255, 4), 54653: (255, 8), 54667: (255, 6), 54681: (255, 4), 54695: (255, 3), 54709: (255, 9), 54723: (255, 4), 54737: (255, 4), 54751: (254, 3), 54765: (254, 9), 54779: (254, 3), 54793: (255, 4), 54807: (255, 4), 54821: (255, 7), 54835: (254, 3), 54849: (0, 4), 54863: (2, 8), 54877: (1, 7), 54891: (255, 4), 54905: (255, 4), 54919: (0, 9), 54933: (1, 6), 54947: (1, 4), 54961: (1, 3), 54975: (0, 9), 54989: (1, 6), 55003: (0, 5), 55017: (0, 4), 55031: (0, 11), 55045: (1, 6), 55059: (0, 4), 55073: (255, 5), 55087: (255, 9), 55101: (254, 5), 55115: (0, 4), 55129: (0, 7), 55143: (0, 5), 55157: (255, 3), 55171: (254, 3), 55185: (254, 8), 55199: (0, 5), 55213: (255, 3), 55227: (255, 2), 55241: (255, 9), 55255: (255, 4), 55269: (255, 4), 55283: (254, 3), 55297: (255, 8), 55311: (255, 3), 55325: (255, 3), 55339: (254, 3), 55353: (254, 8), 55367: (254, 3), 55381: (254, 3), 55395: (255, 4), 55409: (255, 6), 55423: (254, 3), 55437: (253, 2), 55451: (254, 4), 55465: (255, 6), 55479: (255, 3), 55493: (254, 2), 55507: (253, 2), 55521: (254, 7), 55535: (254, 3), 55549: (255, 3), 55563: (0, 2), 55577: (1, 7), 55591: (0, 6), 55605: (0, 5), 55619: (1, 5), 55633: (1, 3), 55647: (0, 10), 55661: (1, 5), 55675: (255, 4), 55689: (255, 3), 55703: (254, 9), 55717: (255, 5), 55731: (0, 4), 55745: (0, 4), 55759: (255, 6), 55773: (255, 7), 55787: (255, 4), 55801: (0, 4), 55815: (255, 3), 55829: (1, 7), 55843: (255, 2), 55857: (254, 3), 55871: (0, 4), 55885: (0, 9), 55899: (255, 4), 55913: (255, 3), 55927: (255, 3), 55941: (255, 9), 55955: (254, 3), 55969: (255, 4), 55983: (0, 5), 55997: (0, 10), 56011: (255, 4), 56025: (255, 3), 56039: (255, 5), 56053: (0, 5), 56067: (1, 3), 56081: (0, 2), 56095: (255, 5), 56109: (0, 3), 56123: (1, 1), 56137: (1, 0), 56151: (1, 5), 56165: (1, 1), 56179: (0, 127), 56193: (0, 127), 56207: (0, 6), 56221: (0, 3), 56235: (255, 3), 56249: (0, 3), 56263: (0, 7), 56277: (0, 4), 56291: (255, 2), 56305: (255, 2), 56319: (1, 8), 56333: (0, 4), 56347: (255, 3), 56361: (255, 3), 56375: (255, 8), 56389: (0, 5), 56403: (0, 4), 56417: (255, 4), 56431: (255, 8), 56445: (255, 4), 56459: (255, 2), 56473: (255, 2), 56487: (255, 8), 56501: (254, 3), 56515: (255, 3), 56529: (255, 2), 56543: (255, 8), 56557: (255, 4), 56571: (255, 4), 56585: (0, 4), 56599: (0, 9), 56613: (255, 5), 56627: (254, 3), 56641: (255, 3), 56655: (0, 8), 56669: (0, 5), 56683: (255, 4), 56697: (255, 2), 56711: (255, 6), 56725: (0, 2), 56739: (255, 1), 56753: (254, 2), 56767: (255, 6), 56781: (0, 3), 56795: (0, 4), 56809: (1, 3), 56823: (1, 6), 56837: (1, 4), 56851: (1, 3), 56865: (2, 3), 56879: (1, 8), 56893: (1, 5), 56907: (0, 4), 56921: (0, 3), 56935: (255, 8), 56949: (255, 5), 56963: (255, 3), 56977: (255, 3), 56991: (0, 9), 57005: (0, 5), 57019: (255, 3), 57033: (253, 2), 57047: (254, 9), 57061: (0, 4), 57075: (255, 3), 57089: (254, 3), 57103: (254, 8), 57117: (255, 3), 57131: (255, 3), 57145: (255, 3), 57159: (0, 9), 57173: (0, 4), 57187: (0, 3), 57201: (0, 4), 57215: (255, 9), 57229: (255, 4), 57243: (254, 3), 57257: (0, 4), 57271: (0, 10), 57285: (255, 5), 57299: (254, 4), 57313: (255, 5), 57327: (0, 10), 57341: (0, 5), 57355: (255, 5), 57369: (254, 4), 57383: (255, 10), 57397: (0, 6), 57411: (255, 4), 57425: (255, 4), 57439: (255, 9), 57453: (0, 5), 57467: (0, 3), 57481: (255, 3), 57495: (255, 8), 57509: (0, 4), 57523: (0, 3), 57537: (0, 2), 57551: (0, 9), 57565: (0, 3), 57579: (0, 3), 57593: (0, 3), 57607: (0, 9), 57621: (255, 3), 57635: (253, 2), 57649: (254, 3), 57663: (255, 9), 57677: (254, 4), 57691: (254, 3), 57705: (254, 3), 57719: (254, 8), 57733: (255, 4), 57747: (254, 3), 57761: (254, 3), 57775: (255, 7), 57789: (255, 5), 57803: (255, 3), 57817: (255, 3), 57831: (0, 5), 57845: (0, 6), 57859: (255, 3), 57873: (255, 3), 57887: (255, 4), 57901: (255, 6), 57915: (254, 4), 57929: (0, 4), 57943: (0, 4), 57957: (255, 7), 57971: (255, 3), 57985: (0, 4), 57999: (1, 3), 58013: (1, 7), 58027: (0, 3), 58041: (255, 3), 58055: (0, 3), 58069: (0, 10), 58083: (1, 4), 58097: (0, 1), 58111: (0, 1), 58125: (0, 7), 58139: (1, 3), 58153: (0, 2), 58167: (0, 1), 58181: (1, 6), 58195: (255, 2), 58209: (254, 2), 58223: (255, 3), 58237: (255, 5), 58251: (255, 4), 58265: (255, 3), 58279: (255, 3), 58293: (254, 3), 58307: (255, 7), 58321: (1, 3), 58335: (1, 3), 58349: (1, 2), 58363: (1, 8), 58377: (0, 3), 58391: (255, 3), 58405: (255, 3), 58419: (0, 9), 58433: (255, 4), 58447: (255, 4), 58461: (255, 3), 58475: (255, 9), 58489: (254, 4), 58503: (255, 4), 58517: (255, 3), 58531: (0, 11), 58545: (254, 4), 58559: (254, 4), 58573: (255, 4), 58587: (0, 10), 58601: (0, 4), 58615: (254, 3), 58629: (253, 2), 58643: (254, 9), 58657: (255, 4), 58671: (0, 4), 58685: (255, 3), 58699: (255, 9), 58713: (255, 4), 58727: (254, 2), 58741: (255, 2), 58755: (255, 8), 58769: (0, 3), 58783: (0, 2), 58797: (1, 2), 58811: (0, 7), 58825: (1, 4), 58839: (2, 4), 58853: (3, 4), 58867: (2, 8), 58881: (1, 5), 58895: (255, 3), 58909: (255, 3), 58923: (0, 5), 58937: (1, 6), 58951: (0, 4), 58965: (255, 3), 58979: (255, 3), 58993: (0, 7), 59007: (0, 5), 59021: (0, 4), 59035: (0, 4), 59049: (1, 9), 59063: (0, 4), 59077: (0, 3), 59091: (0, 2), 59105: (0, 8), 59119: (0, 3), 59133: (0, 3), 59147: (255, 4), 59161: (254, 9), 59175: (255, 5), 59189: (0, 5), 59203: (1, 4), 59217: (0, 9), 59231: (0, 5), 59245: (255, 4), 59259: (0, 3), 59273: (1, 8), 59287: (0, 4), 59301: (0, 4), 59315: (0, 3), 59329: (0, 8), 59343: (255, 5), 59357: (255, 3), 59371: (255, 3), 59385: (0, 7), 59399: (0, 7), 59413: (0, 5), 59427: (1, 6), 59441: (1, 6), 59455: (2, 6), 59469: (2, 4), 59483: (1, 4), 59497: (255, 7), 59511: (0, 6), 59525: (1, 4), 59539: (0, 4), 59553: (255, 7), 59567: (255, 5), 59581: (0, 4), 59595: (0, 4), 59609: (255, 7), 59623: (255, 5), 59637: (255, 3), 59651: (255, 3), 59665: (255, 7), 59679: (255, 4), 59693: (255, 3), 59707: (255, 2), 59721: (255, 8), 59735: (255, 3), 59749: (255, 2), 59763: (255, 2), 59777: (255, 8), 59791: (0, 3), 59805: (0, 4), 59819: (255, 4), 59833: (254, 9), 59847: (255, 4), 59861: (0, 3), 59875: (255, 3), 59889: (254, 8), 59903: (254, 3), 59917: (255, 2), 59931: (255, 2), 59945: (0, 8), 59959: (0, 5), 59973: (255, 3), 59987: (0, 4), 60001: (0, 6), 60015: (0, 6), 60029: (255, 4), 60043: (255, 3), 60057: (255, 4), 60071: (255, 7), 60085: (255, 3), 60099: (255, 4), 60113: (255, 3), 60127: (0, 9), 60141: (0, 3), 60155: (255, 2), 60169: (0, 2), 60183: (1, 8), 60197: (1, 3), 60211: (1, 1), 60225: (1, 127), 60239: (2, 3), 60253: (2, 127), 60267: (0, 0), 60281: (0, 0), 60295: (0, 3), 60309: (0, 5), 60323: (0, 3), 60337: (1, 3), 60351: (1, 3), 60365: (1, 7), 60379: (1, 4), 60393: (1, 3), 60407: (0, 3), 60421: (255, 8), 60435: (0, 4), 60449: (1, 3), 60463: (1, 3), 60477: (0, 7), 60491: (255, 3), 60505: (1, 3), 60519: (1, 3), 60533: (1, 5), 60547: (1, 4), 60561: (2, 3), 60575: (2, 4), 60589: (1, 4), 60603: (1, 5), 60617: (1, 3), 60631: (0, 3), 60645: (0, 4), 60659: (0, 6), 60673: (0, 4), 60687: (0, 3), 60701: (255, 4), 60715: (0, 7), 60729: (0, 5), 60743: (0, 4), 60757: (255, 6), 60771: (0, 7), 60785: (0, 4), 60799: (1, 4), 60813: (0, 7), 60827: (255, 5), 60841: (255, 3), 60855: (0, 4), 60869: (0, 7), 60883: (0, 5), 60897: (255, 4), 60911: (255, 3), 60925: (255, 6), 60939: (255, 5), 60953: (255, 3), 60967: (1, 4), 60981: (0, 7), 60995: (255, 4), 61009: (254, 3), 61023: (255, 2), 61037: (255, 8), 61051: (255, 3), 61065: (255, 2), 61079: (255, 2), 61093: (255, 8), 61107: (255, 3), 61121: (255, 2), 61135: (0, 3), 61149: (0, 8), 61163: (255, 4), 61177: (255, 4), 61191: (255, 3), 61205: (0, 8), 61219: (0, 4), 61233: (1, 2), 61247: (1, 3), 61261: (1, 7), 61275: (1, 6), 61289: (0, 4), 61303: (0, 4), 61317: (0, 8), 61331: (255, 4), 61345: (255, 4), 61359: (255, 3), 61373: (0, 8), 61387: (0, 4), 61401: (0, 4), 61415: (255, 4), 61429: (0, 8), 61443: (255, 4), 61457: (255, 4), 61471: (254, 3), 61485: (255, 9), 61499: (0, 5), 61513: (0, 4), 61527: (0, 3), 61541: (0, 9), 61555: (0, 5), 61569: (255, 4), 61583: (255, 4), 61597: (0, 9), 61611: (255, 5), 61625: (0, 5), 61639: (255, 4), 61653: (255, 9), 61667: (0, 4), 61681: (255, 4), 61695: (254, 3), 61709: (254, 8), 61723: (255, 3), 61737: (255, 4), 61751: (255, 4), 61765: (254, 7), 61779: (255, 3), 61793: (1, 3), 61807: (0, 2), 61821: (0, 7), 61835: (0, 4), 61849: (0, 3), 61863: (1, 4), 61877: (2, 9), 61891: (0, 4), 61905: (255, 3), 61919: (255, 3), 61933: (0, 8), 61947: (255, 4), 61961: (255, 3), 61975: (255, 3), 61989: (0, 8), 62003: (255, 4), 62017: (255, 3), 62031: (255, 4), 62045: (0, 7), 62059: (255, 4), 62073: (255, 4), 62087: (255, 4), 62101: (255, 7), 62115: (255, 4), 62129: (1, 4), 62143: (0, 4), 62157: (0, 8), 62171: (255, 4), 62185: (255, 3), 62199: (255, 3), 62213: (1, 10), 62227: (1, 3), 62241: (0, 2), 62255: (0, 4), 62269: (0, 9), 62283: (0, 5), 62297: (0, 3), 62311: (1, 3), 62325: (2, 8), 62339: (2, 4), 62353: (1, 2), 62367: (0, 3), 62381: (1, 7), 62395: (1, 3), 62409: (1, 3), 62423: (0, 3), 62437: (255, 7), 62451: (255, 2), 62465: (255, 3), 62479: (0, 3), 62493: (0, 6), 62507: (255, 3), 62521: (255, 2), 62535: (254, 2), 62549: (254, 6), 62563: (255, 2), 62577: (0, 3), 62591: (255, 3), 62605: (255, 6), 62619: (254, 2), 62633: (254, 2), 62647: (255, 3), 62661: (0, 5), 62675: (255, 2), 62689: (254, 2), 62703: (253, 2), 62717: (255, 5), 62731: (255, 2), 62745: (1, 4), 62759: (0, 2), 62773: (255, 8), 62787: (0, 3), 62801: (1, 3), 62815: (1, 6), 62829: (0, 7), 62843: (1, 7), 62857: (1, 4), 62871: (255, 3), 62885: (255, 3), 62899: (0, 6), 62913: (255, 3), 62927: (0, 3), 62941: (255, 3), 62955: (255, 8), 62969: (255, 4), 62983: (0, 4), 62997: (0, 4), 63011: (0, 5), 63025: (255, 5), 63039: (255, 4), 63053: (255, 3), 63067: (0, 3), 63081: (0, 8), 63095: (255, 3), 63109: (0, 4), 63123: (0, 4), 63137: (255, 9), 63151: (0, 4), 63165: (0, 3), 63179: (0, 1), 63193: (0, 5), 63207: (0, 2), 63221: (1, 0), 63235: (0, 1), 63249: (255, 4), 63263: (1, 3), 63277: (0, 1), 63291: (255, 0), 63305: (0, 2), 63319: (0, 4), 63333: (0, 2), 63347: (0, 2), 63361: (0, 2), 63375: (1, 3), 63389: (1, 127), 63403: (1, 126), 63417: (0, 126), 63431: (0, 2), 63445: (0, 0), 63459: (0, 1), 63473: (0, 0), 63487: (0, 5), 63501: (0, 2), 63515: (0, 2), 63529: (255, 2), 63543: (255, 8), 63557: (0, 3), 63571: (0, 3), 63585: (0, 3), 63599: (0, 7), 63613: (255, 4), 63627: (255, 3), 63641: (1, 4), 63655: (1, 6), 63669: (0, 6), 63683: (255, 4), 63697: (255, 3), 63711: (0, 6), 63725: (1, 4), 63739: (1, 2), 63753: (1, 1), 63767: (1, 3), 63781: (1, 0), 63795: (2, 127), 63809: (2, 125), 63823: (1, 3), 63837: (1, 4), 63851: (0, 2), 63865: (0, 2), 63879: (255, 5), 63893: (255, 4), 63907: (0, 3), 63921: (0, 3), 63935: (0, 6), 63949: (255, 5), 63963: (255, 3), 63977: (255, 3), 63991: (255, 6), 64005: (0, 4), 64019: (255, 3), 64033: (254, 2), 64047: (254, 6), 64061: (255, 4), 64075: (0, 3), 64089: (255, 3), 64103: (254, 6), 64117: (255, 4), 64131: (0, 4), 64145: (0, 3), 64159: (255, 5), 64173: (255, 5), 64187: (255, 3), 64201: (254, 2), 64215: (255, 2), 64229: (255, 8), 64243: (0, 3), 64257: (0, 2), 64271: (1, 3), 64285: (0, 6), 64299: (255, 4), 64313: (255, 2), 64327: (0, 4), 64341: (0, 3), 64355: (0, 9), 64369: (255, 4), 64383: (255, 3), 64397: (255, 2), 64411: (255, 7), 64425: (255, 3), 64439: (255, 4), 64453: (255, 3), 64467: (255, 4), 64481: (255, 6), 64495: (255, 4), 64509: (255, 3), 64523: (0, 4), 64537: (255, 10), 64551: (254, 3), 64565: (254, 4), 64579: (255, 3), 64593: (0, 10), 64607: (0, 5), 64621: (255, 3), 64635: (254, 3), 64649: (255, 8), 64663: (1, 7), 64677: (255, 3), 64691: (255, 3), 64705: (0, 3), 64719: (1, 9), 64733: (1, 5), 64747: (1, 5), 64761: (0, 4), 64775: (255, 10), 64789: (0, 5), 64803: (255, 4), 64817: (254, 3), 64831: (255, 8), 64845: (0, 5), 64859: (0, 4), 64873: (255, 4), 64887: (255, 6), 64901: (255, 4), 64915: (255, 3), 64929: (254, 3), 64943: (254, 3), 64957: (253, 4), 64971: (253, 2), 64985: (254, 3), 64999: (255, 3), 65013: (255, 6), 65027: (253, 3), 65041: (254, 3), 65055: (255, 4), 65069: (255, 5), 65083: (254, 3), 65097: (254, 2), 65111: (254, 4), 65125: (254, 4), 65139: (253, 2), 65153: (254, 2), 65167: (253, 2), 65181: (254, 6), 65195: (254, 4), 65209: (254, 3), 65223: (253, 3), 65237: (254, 9), 65251: (255, 5), 65265: (255, 4), 65279: (254, 4), 65293: (254, 8), 65307: (255, 4), 65321: (255, 5), 65335: (255, 4), 65349: (255, 7), 65363: (254, 5), 65377: (254, 4), 65391: (254, 4), 65405: (255, 5), 65419: (255, 7), 65433: (254, 3), 65447: (255, 4), 65461: (255, 3), 65475: (0, 7), 65489: (255, 3), 65503: (0, 4), 65517: (1, 4), 65531: (1, 10), 65545: (0, 5), 65559: (255, 4), 65573: (0, 4), 65587: (0, 9), 65601: (0, 5), 65615: (255, 4), 65629: (254, 4), 65643: (255, 8), 65657: (255, 4), 65671: (255, 3), 65685: (255, 3), 65699: (0, 6), 65713: (255, 3), 65727: (255, 3), 65741: (0, 5), 65755: (1, 6), 65769: (1, 2), 65783: (2, 2), 65797: (2, 5), 65811: (0, 4), 65825: (0, 4), 65839: (0, 2), 65853: (1, 7), 65867: (0, 5), 65881: (255, 3), 65895: (255, 3), 65909: (255, 7), 65923: (0, 5), 65937: (0, 4), 65951: (0, 4), 65965: (255, 7), 65979: (255, 5), 65993: (0, 2), 66007: (0, 1), 66021: (0, 6), 66035: (0, 2), 66049: (0, 1), 66063: (0, 1), 66077: (255, 5), 66091: (0, 4), 66105: (0, 4), 66119: (0, 3), 66133: (0, 7), 66147: (255, 4), 66161: (254, 2), 66175: (255, 2), 66189: (0, 7), 66203: (255, 4), 66217: (255, 3), 66231: (254, 2), 66245: (254, 6), 66259: (255, 4), 66273: (255, 2), 66287: (255, 3), 66301: (255, 3), 66315: (255, 7), 66329: (255, 3), 66343: (255, 2), 66357: (254, 2), 66371: (255, 8), 66385: (255, 4), 66399: (255, 2), 66413: (254, 2), 66427: (255, 2), 66441: (0, 7), 66455: (0, 3), 66469: (1, 4), 66483: (0, 4), 66497: (0, 6), 66511: (2, 6), 66525: (2, 5), 66539: (1, 4), 66553: (0, 4), 66567: (0, 9), 66581: (0, 4), 66595: (0, 4), 66609: (0, 3), 66623: (255, 7), 66637: (0, 5), 66651: (0, 4), 66665: (0, 4), 66679: (1, 4), 66693: (1, 8), 66707: (1, 4), 66721: (2, 5), 66735: (1, 4), 66749: (255, 9), 66763: (0, 4), 66777: (0, 3), 66791: (0, 3), 66805: (0, 8), 66819: (1, 5), 66833: (1, 3), 66847: (2, 3), 66861: (2, 7), 66875: (2, 4), 66889: (0, 3), 66903: (0, 2), 66917: (0, 5), 66931: (1, 4), 66945: (0, 3), 66959: (255, 2), 66973: (0, 3), 66987: (1, 6), 67001: (0, 4), 67015: (255, 3), 67029: (0, 2), 67043: (1, 7), 67057: (1, 1), 67071: (0, 0), 67085: (255, 0), 67099: (0, 5), 67113: (0, 3), 67127: (0, 2), 67141: (255, 1), 67155: (255, 7), 67169: (255, 3), 67183: (0, 2), 67197: (0, 2), 67211: (0, 6), 67225: (255, 3), 67239: (255, 2), 67253: (0, 2), 67267: (0, 7), 67281: (255, 3), 67295: (255, 2), 67309: (255, 1), 67323: (254, 6), 67337: (254, 2), 67351: (254, 1), 67365: (254, 1), 67379: (0, 7), 67393: (1, 4), 67407: (255, 3), 67421: (0, 3), 67435: (0, 2), 67449: (0, 10), 67463: (0, 4), 67477: (255, 3), 67491: (255, 3), 67505: (0, 6), 67519: (0, 5), 67533: (255, 3), 67547: (255, 2), 67561: (255, 2), 67575: (0, 8), 67589: (255, 3), 67603: (255, 1), 67617: (255, 1), 67631: (0, 5), 67645: (1, 2), 67659: (1, 2), 67673: (255, 1), 67687: (0, 2), 67701: (0, 5), 67715: (0, 2), 67729: (0, 2), 67743: (255, 2), 67757: (255, 7), 67771: (0, 4), 67785: (0, 3), 67799: (1, 2), 67813: (0, 2), 67827: (0, 5), 67841: (0, 2), 67855: (0, 2), 67869: (0, 1), 67883: (255, 7), 67897: (0, 1), 67911: (1, 0), 67925: (0, 0), 67939: (0, 2), 67953: (0, 5), 67967: (0, 2), 67981: (0, 2), 67995: (0, 2), 68009: (0, 8), 68023: (0, 3), 68037: (1, 3), 68051: (1, 2), 68065: (2, 6), 68079: (1, 4), 68093: (255, 2), 68107: (0, 3), 68121: (1, 7), 68135: (1, 5), 68149: (0, 3), 68163: (0, 3), 68177: (1, 3), 68191: (1, 7), 68205: (0, 3), 68219: (0, 2), 68233: (0, 2), 68247: (0, 9), 68261: (0, 4), 68275: (0, 3), 68289: (0, 3), 68303: (255, 7), 68317: (1, 5), 68331: (0, 3), 68345: (255, 2), 68359: (255, 5), 68373: (1, 5), 68387: (1, 3), 68401: (0, 2), 68415: (0, 2), 68429: (255, 7), 68443: (0, 3), 68457: (0, 3), 68471: (0, 2), 68485: (255, 8), 68499: (255, 4), 68513: (255, 4), 68527: (255, 3), 68541: (255, 7), 68555: (255, 4), 68569: (255, 3), 68583: (255, 2), 68597: (0, 6), 68611: (255, 5), 68625: (255, 3), 68639: (0, 3), 68653: (0, 3), 68667: (255, 8), 68681: (255, 3), 68695: (0, 3), 68709: (0, 3), 68723: (0, 10), 68737: (0, 4), 68751: (255, 3), 68765: (254, 2), 68779: (0, 9), 68793: (0, 4), 68807: (0, 3), 68821: (0, 3), 68835: (1, 8), 68849: (2, 5), 68863: (2, 5), 68877: (2, 5), 68891: (1, 9), 68905: (2, 5), 68919: (2, 4), 68933: (2, 4), 68947: (3, 4), 68961: (1, 5), 68975: (3, 4), 68989: (3, 3), 69003: (1, 5), 69017: (1, 6), 69031: (1, 4), 69045: (2, 3), 69059: (2, 4), 69073: (1, 7), 69087: (1, 3), 69101: (1, 4), 69115: (1, 4), 69129: (1, 9), 69143: (2, 3), 69157: (3, 2), 69171: (2, 4), 69185: (2, 9), 69199: (1, 5), 69213: (1, 3), 69227: (1, 3), 69241: (1, 6), 69255: (1, 6), 69269: (0, 3), 69283: (255, 3), 69297: (255, 3), 69311: (0, 7), 69325: (1, 4), 69339: (0, 4), 69353: (255, 2), 69367: (255, 5), 69381: (0, 5), 69395: (0, 2), 69409: (0, 2), 69423: (255, 2), 69437: (255, 7), 69451: (255, 3), 69465: (255, 3), 69479: (255, 2), 69493: (255, 8), 69507: (255, 3), 69521: (254, 2), 69535: (254, 2), 69549: (254, 8), 69563: (254, 3), 69577: (255, 3), 69591: (255, 2), 69605: (254, 8), 69619: (254, 2), 69633: (254, 2), 69647: (254, 2), 69661: (255, 7), 69675: (255, 4), 69689: (253, 2), 69703: (253, 2), 69717: (254, 2), 69731: (255, 7), 69745: (254, 3), 69759: (254, 3), 69773: (254, 2), 69787: (254, 2), 69801: (255, 8), 69815: (255, 3), 69829: (255, 3), 69843: (0, 3), 69857: (255, 3), 69871: (254, 7), 69885: (255, 3), 69899: (0, 4), 69913: (0, 3), 69927: (255, 3), 69941: (254, 8), 69955: (255, 4), 69969: (255, 3), 69983: (255, 3), 69997: (255, 3), 70011: (255, 8), 70025: (254, 3), 70039: (255, 3), 70053: (255, 3), 70067: (255, 5), 70081: (255, 4), 70095: (255, 3), 70109: (255, 2), 70123: (255, 2), 70137: (254, 2), 70151: (255, 7), 70165: (0, 4), 70179: (255, 4), 70193: (255, 4), 70207: (254, 8), 70221: (255, 4), 70235: (255, 4), 70249: (0, 4), 70263: (255, 9), 70277: (255, 5), 70291: (254, 3), 70305: (255, 4), 70319: (0, 9), 70333: (255, 5), 70347: (254, 4), 70361: (254, 4), 70375: (0, 9), 70389: (0, 5), 70403: (0, 4), 70417: (255, 4), 70431: (255, 9), 70445: (255, 5), 70459: (255, 4), 70473: (255, 4), 70487: (255, 9), 70501: (255, 5), 70515: (255, 3), 70529: (254, 3), 70543: (254, 8), 70557: (254, 4), 70571: (255, 2), 70585: (255, 4), 70599: (255, 5), 70613: (254, 2), 70627: (254, 2), 70641: (255, 7), 70655: (255, 4), 70669: (254, 2), 70683: (253, 2), 70697: (254, 9), 70711: (255, 3), 70725: (0, 4), 70739: (255, 2), 70753: (0, 9), 70767: (0, 2), 70781: (1, 3), 70795: (1, 4), 70809: (1, 10), 70823: (1, 6), 70837: (1, 4), 70851: (1, 5), 70865: (0, 9), 70879: (255, 4), 70893: (255, 3), 70907: (255, 3), 70921: (0, 9), 70935: (255, 4), 70949: (254, 3), 70963: (254, 3), 70977: (255, 10), 70991: (255, 5), 71005: (255, 4), 71019: (254, 4), 71033: (255, 9), 71047: (0, 6), 71061: (255, 4), 71075: (255, 3), 71089: (255, 9), 71103: (0, 5), 71117: (255, 4), 71131: (255, 3), 71145: (255, 8), 71159: (255, 4), 71173: (255, 3), 71187: (0, 3), 71201: (255, 6), 71215: (255, 4), 71229: (255, 2), 71243: (0, 0), 71257: (1, 3), 71271: (0, 1), 71285: (255, 127), 71299: (255, 1), 71313: (0, 2), 71327: (0, 7), 71341: (0, 2), 71355: (255, 1), 71369: (0, 2), 71383: (0, 7), 71397: (255, 2), 71411: (255, 2), 71425: (0, 2), 71439: (0, 8), 71453: (0, 3), 71467: (255, 2), 71481: (255, 2), 71495: (0, 8), 71509: (0, 3), 71523: (0, 2), 71537: (0, 2), 71551: (0, 7), 71565: (0, 4), 71579: (1, 3), 71593: (0, 2), 71607: (255, 6), 71621: (0, 4), 71635: (0, 2), 71649: (0, 2), 71663: (0, 6), 71677: (255, 4), 71691: (255, 3), 71705: (255, 3), 71719: (0, 5), 71733: (0, 5), 71747: (255, 3), 71761: (0, 3), 71775: (1, 3), 71789: (1, 6), 71803: (0, 3), 71817: (0, 2), 71831: (0, 2), 71845: (1, 8), 71859: (1, 3), 71873: (1, 2), 71887: (0, 1), 71901: (255, 8), 71915: (255, 2), 71929: (0, 2), 71943: (255, 1), 71957: (255, 8), 71971: (255, 3), 71985: (255, 2), 71999: (255, 1), 72013: (254, 7), 72027: (255, 3), 72041: (0, 2), 72055: (0, 2), 72069: (255, 7), 72083: (255, 4), 72097: (255, 3), 72111: (0, 3), 72125: (255, 5), 72139: (254, 5), 72153: (255, 3), 72167: (255, 3), 72181: (255, 3), 72195: (255, 9), 72209: (254, 3), 72223: (255, 3), 72237: (255, 3), 72251: (0, 8), 72265: (0, 4), 72279: (255, 2), 72293: (255, 1), 72307: (255, 1), 72321: (0, 7), 72335: (255, 2), 72349: (255, 2), 72363: (255, 3), 72377: (255, 9), 72391: (255, 4), 72405: (254, 3), 72419: (255, 3), 72433: (255, 8), 72447: (0, 5), 72461: (255, 4), 72475: (254, 3), 72489: (255, 4), 72503: (255, 8), 72517: (255, 4), 72531: (255, 3), 72545: (254, 2), 72559: (254, 9), 72573: (255, 4), 72587: (0, 4), 72601: (255, 3), 72615: (255, 8), 72629: (255, 4), 72643: (254, 3), 72657: (254, 3), 72671: (254, 5), 72685: (255, 5), 72699: (254, 3), 72713: (254, 2), 72727: (254, 3), 72741: (254, 6), 72755: (254, 3), 72769: (255, 2), 72783: (255, 2), 72797: (254, 8), 72811: (254, 2), 72825: (253, 2), 72839: (254, 2), 72853: (255, 8), 72867: (254, 3), 72881: (253, 2), 72895: (254, 2), 72909: (254, 6), 72923: (255, 3), 72937: (254, 1), 72951: (254, 2), 72965: (254, 1), 72979: (255, 8), 72993: (254, 2), 73007: (254, 2), 73021: (254, 2), 73035: (255, 2), 73049: (255, 6), 73063: (254, 3), 73077: (254, 2), 73091: (253, 2), 73105: (255, 6), 73119: (0, 7), 73133: (255, 4), 73147: (254, 3), 73161: (254, 4), 73175: (255, 7), 73189: (255, 5), 73203: (255, 4), 73217: (255, 4), 73231: (254, 4), 73245: (255, 10), 73259: (254, 4), 73273: (255, 4), 73287: (0, 5), 73301: (0, 4), 73315: (255, 7), 73329: (254, 4), 73343: (255, 4), 73357: (255, 3), 73371: (255, 8), 73385: (255, 4), 73399: (254, 2), 73413: (254, 1), 73427: (255, 2), 73441: (0, 8), 73455: (255, 3), 73469: (255, 3), 73483: (254, 4), 73497: (254, 9), 73511: (255, 5), 73525: (255, 4), 73539: (255, 3), 73553: (255, 9), 73567: (255, 5), 73581: (254, 4), 73595: (254, 3), 73609: (255, 8), 73623: (255, 5), 73637: (255, 4), 73651: (255, 4), 73665: (254, 7), 73679: (254, 5), 73693: (255, 4), 73707: (255, 3), 73721: (255, 5), 73735: (254, 4), 73749: (253, 2), 73763: (254, 2), 73777: (255, 3), 73791: (255, 6), 73805: (254, 3), 73819: (254, 2), 73833: (254, 3), 73847: (254, 5), 73861: (254, 2), 73875: (253, 2), 73889: (254, 5), 73903: (254, 5), 73917: (254, 3), 73931: (254, 2), 73945: (254, 6), 73959: (254, 4), 73973: (254, 3), 73987: (254, 2), 74001: (254, 5), 74015: (253, 4), 74029: (254, 2), 74043: (254, 3), 74057: (254, 3), 74071: (254, 7), 74085: (254, 4), 74099: (254, 3), 74113: (255, 4), 74127: (255, 9), 74141: (254, 3), 74155: (254, 3), 74169: (254, 2), 74183: (255, 7), 74197: (255, 5), 74211: (254, 3), 74225: (254, 3), 74239: (255, 4), 74253: (255, 10), 74267: (255, 5), 74281: (255, 5), 74295: (255, 3), 74309: (0, 8), 74323: (255, 6), 74337: (254, 4), 74351: (254, 4), 74365: (255, 4), 74379: (0, 8), 74393: (254, 4), 74407: (254, 4), 74421: (255, 4), 74435: (255, 10), 74449: (255, 4), 74463: (255, 4), 74477: (255, 4), 74491: (255, 8), 74505: (1, 7), 74519: (1, 4), 74533: (1, 4), 74547: (0, 7), 74561: (1, 6), 74575: (1, 5), 74589: (0, 5), 74603: (255, 5), 74617: (0, 7), 74631: (1, 5), 74645: (2, 5), 74659: (1, 7), 74673: (0, 7), 74687: (255, 3), 74701: (1, 3), 74715: (1, 5), 74729: (0, 7), 74743: (0, 4), 74757: (0, 4), 74771: (1, 5), 74785: (1, 6), 74799: (0, 3), 74813: (0, 3), 74827: (0, 5), 74841: (1, 6), 74855: (0, 3), 74869: (255, 2), 74883: (255, 4), 74897: (0, 5), 74911: (255, 3), 74925: (254, 2), 74939: (254, 7), 74953: (255, 4), 74967: (0, 3), 74981: (255, 3), 74995: (255, 7), 75009: (255, 4), 75023: (255, 4), 75037: (255, 3), 75051: (255, 8), 75065: (255, 5), 75079: (254, 3), 75093: (254, 3), 75107: (255, 7), 75121: (0, 5), 75135: (254, 3), 75149: (254, 3), 75163: (255, 7), 75177: (0, 5), 75191: (255, 4), 75205: (254, 3), 75219: (255, 7), 75233: (0, 6), 75247: (255, 5), 75261: (255, 4), 75275: (254, 7), 75289: (255, 5), 75303: (255, 3), 75317: (255, 3), 75331: (254, 6), 75345: (254, 5), 75359: (254, 3), 75373: (254, 3), 75387: (254, 6), 75401: (255, 4), 75415: (254, 2), 75429: (255, 2), 75443: (255, 5), 75457: (255, 4), 75471: (254, 2), 75485: (254, 2), 75499: (254, 6), 75513: (255, 6), 75527: (0, 5), 75541: (0, 3), 75555: (0, 4), 75569: (1, 9), 75583: (1, 5), 75597: (1, 4), 75611: (0, 4), 75625: (1, 9), 75639: (1, 3), 75653: (0, 3), 75667: (255, 3), 75681: (254, 8), 75695: (255, 4), 75709: (0, 4), 75723: (0, 4), 75737: (254, 5), 75751: (255, 5), 75765: (0, 3), 75779: (0, 2), 75793: (0, 2), 75807: (255, 9), 75821: (254, 4), 75835: (254, 3), 75849: (254, 3), 75863: (254, 8), 75877: (255, 4), 75891: (255, 4), 75905: (255, 4), 75919: (255, 9), 75933: (254, 5), 75947: (254, 4), 75961: (255, 4), 75975: (0, 8), 75989: (0, 6), 76003: (255, 2), 76017: (255, 1), 76031: (0, 5), 76045: (1, 3), 76059: (0, 1), 76073: (255, 1), 76087: (0, 3), 76101: (0, 5), 76115: (0, 2), 76129: (255, 2), 76143: (255, 2), 76157: (0, 6), 76171: (0, 3), 76185: (255, 3), 76199: (255, 3), 76213: (255, 6), 76227: (255, 2), 76241: (0, 3), 76255: (0, 4), 76269: (255, 8), 76283: (255, 3), 76297: (0, 4), 76311: (1, 5), 76325: (1, 8), 76339: (1, 3), 76353: (1, 5), 76367: (1, 5), 76381: (1, 8), 76395: (1, 5), 76409: (0, 3), 76423: (0, 6), 76437: (255, 5), 76451: (255, 3), 76465: (255, 2), 76479: (0, 8), 76493: (0, 4), 76507: (255, 3), 76521: (254, 2), 76535: (254, 8), 76549: (254, 3), 76563: (255, 3), 76577: (255, 2), 76591: (255, 8), 76605: (254, 2), 76619: (254, 2), 76633: (254, 5), 76647: (255, 5), 76661: (255, 2), 76675: (254, 2), 76689: (254, 7), 76703: (254, 4), 76717: (254, 2), 76731: (254, 2), 76745: (255, 7), 76759: (255, 3), 76773: (255, 3), 76787: (255, 3), 76801: (254, 8), 76815: (255, 4), 76829: (0, 5), 76843: (255, 3), 76857: (255, 7), 76871: (254, 4), 76885: (254, 4), 76899: (255, 3), 76913: (255, 4), 76927: (255, 8), 76941: (255, 5), 76955: (254, 3), 76969: (254, 3), 76983: (255, 9), 76997: (255, 4), 77011: (255, 4), 77025: (254, 4), 77039: (254, 8), 77053: (255, 5), 77067: (255, 4), 77081: (255, 3), 77095: (255, 8), 77109: (255, 6), 77123: (254, 3), 77137: (254, 3), 77151: (255, 5), 77165: (0, 6), 77179: (255, 4), 77193: (254, 3), 77207: (254, 4), 77221: (254, 6), 77235: (255, 4), 77249: (255, 3), 77263: (255, 6), 77277: (255, 6), 77291: (255, 4), 77305: (255, 3), 77319: (0, 6), 77333: (1, 3), 77347: (0, 1), 77361: (255, 0), 77375: (1, 2), 77389: (1, 127), 77403: (0, 125), 77417: (1, 125), 77431: (0, 5), 77445: (255, 2), 77459: (255, 1), 77473: (0, 2), 77487: (0, 9), 77501: (1, 3), 77515: (1, 3), 77529: (1, 3), 77543: (1, 9), 77557: (1, 4), 77571: (1, 3), 77585: (0, 3), 77599: (0, 6), 77613: (0, 3), 77627: (255, 2), 77641: (255, 6), 77655: (0, 5), 77669: (255, 2), 77683: (255, 2), 77697: (255, 7), 77711: (0, 2), 77725: (255, 0), 77739: (255, 0), 77753: (0, 7), 77767: (0, 2), 77781: (0, 1), 77795: (0, 1), 77809: (0, 6), 77823: (0, 2), 77837: (0, 2), 77851: (0, 5), 77865: (0, 5), 77879: (255, 2), 77893: (0, 3), 77907: (1, 8), 77921: (0, 4), 77935: (255, 2), 77949: (255, 2), 77963: (255, 9), 77977: (0, 4), 77991: (0, 4), 78005: (255, 2), 78019: (255, 9), 78033: (0, 4), 78047: (0, 3), 78061: (255, 2), 78075: (255, 8), 78089: (0, 2), 78103: (0, 3), 78117: (0, 3), 78131: (255, 8), 78145: (255, 4), 78159: (0, 3), 78173: (0, 6), 78187: (255, 6), 78201: (255, 4), 78215: (255, 3), 78229: (0, 8), 78243: (0, 5), 78257: (255, 3), 78271: (255, 3), 78285: (255, 8), 78299: (255, 5), 78313: (255, 3), 78327: (255, 3), 78341: (255, 9), 78355: (255, 3), 78369: (255, 3), 78383: (254, 2), 78397: (254, 8), 78411: (254, 2), 78425: (254, 2), 78439: (254, 2), 78453: (254, 7), 78467: (253, 2), 78481: (254, 2), 78495: (0, 6), 78509: (0, 5), 78523: (255, 3), 78537: (255, 2), 78551: (0, 8), 78565: (0, 5), 78579: (0, 3), 78593: (255, 3), 78607: (255, 8), 78621: (255, 4), 78635: (255, 3), 78649: (255, 3), 78663: (255, 8), 78677: (255, 4), 78691: (255, 4), 78705: (255, 3), 78719: (255, 9), 78733: (254, 3), 78747: (255, 4), 78761: (255, 3), 78775: (255, 9), 78789: (255, 4), 78803: (254, 2), 78817: (255, 3), 78831: (0, 10), 78845: (255, 4), 78859: (255, 3), 78873: (255, 2), 78887: (254, 9), 78901: (255, 3), 78915: (255, 2), 78929: (254, 2), 78943: (255, 8), 78957: (254, 3), 78971: (255, 3), 78985: (254, 2), 78999: (254, 7), 79013: (255, 3), 79027: (255, 2), 79041: (255, 2), 79055: (255, 7), 79069: (255, 3), 79083: (0, 3), 79097: (0, 2), 79111: (1, 9), 79125: (0, 5), 79139: (0, 5), 79153: (255, 3), 79167: (255, 9), 79181: (0, 3), 79195: (255, 3), 79209: (254, 3), 79223: (254, 9), 79237: (0, 4), 79251: (1, 6), 79265: (0, 4), 79279: (1, 9), 79293: (1, 3), 79307: (1, 3), 79321: (1, 2), 79335: (1, 10), 79349: (2, 4), 79363: (1, 4), 79377: (0, 3), 79391: (255, 9), 79405: (255, 3), 79419: (255, 3), 79433: (0, 3), 79447: (255, 9), 79461: (255, 4), 79475: (255, 3), 79489: (255, 4), 79503: (0, 10), 79517: (0, 3), 79531: (255, 2), 79545: (255, 2), 79559: (255, 7), 79573: (255, 2), 79587: (255, 2), 79601: (255, 3), 79615: (255, 5), 79629: (255, 2), 79643: (255, 2), 79657: (255, 4), 79671: (255, 2), 79685: (255, 1), 79699: (0, 2), 79713: (0, 6), 79727: (254, 2), 79741: (254, 2), 79755: (0, 2), 79769: (0, 8), 79783: (0, 4), 79797: (255, 3), 79811: (254, 3), 79825: (255, 9), 79839: (0, 4), 79853: (255, 3), 79867: (255, 2), 79881: (255, 8), 79895: (255, 2), 79909: (254, 1), 79923: (255, 2), 79937: (0, 9), 79951: (0, 3), 79965: (255, 3), 79979: (254, 1), 79993: (254, 8), 80007: (254, 2), 80021: (255, 1), 80035: (255, 1), 80049: (255, 1), 80063: (254, 7), 80077: (253, 2), 80091: (254, 2), 80105: (255, 2), 80119: (254, 2), 80133: (254, 7), 80147: (254, 2), 80161: (254, 2), 80175: (255, 3), 80189: (0, 3), 80203: (255, 8), 80217: (255, 4), 80231: (255, 3), 80245: (255, 2), 80259: (255, 3), 80273: (255, 8), 80287: (0, 4), 80301: (0, 4), 80315: (255, 3), 80329: (254, 7), 80343: (255, 2), 80357: (0, 2), 80371: (0, 1), 80385: (1, 3), 80399: (255, 7), 80413: (255, 2), 80427: (255, 2), 80441: (0, 3), 80455: (1, 6), 80469: (0, 4), 80483: (255, 3), 80497: (0, 2), 80511: (0, 3), 80525: (1, 7), 80539: (1, 4), 80553: (1, 5), 80567: (2, 5), 80581: (1, 8), 80595: (1, 3), 80609: (1, 1), 80623: (2, 1), 80637: (2, 3), 80651: (1, 4), 80665: (0, 1), 80679: (0, 2), 80693: (1, 3), 80707: (0, 8), 80721: (0, 3), 80735: (255, 2), 80749: (255, 2), 80763: (0, 8), 80777: (0, 2), 80791: (255, 1), 80805: (255, 1), 80819: (255, 7), 80833: (254, 1), 80847: (255, 0), 80861: (254, 0), 80875: (255, 7), 80889: (255, 1), 80903: (254, 1), 80917: (254, 1), 80931: (255, 7), 80945: (0, 2), 80959: (0, 2), 80973: (255, 1), 80987: (255, 7), 81001: (254, 2), 81015: (255, 1), 81029: (255, 1), 81043: (255, 8), 81057: (255, 3), 81071: (255, 2), 81085: (254, 1), 81099: (255, 6), 81113: (255, 4), 81127: (255, 2), 81141: (254, 2), 81155: (255, 2), 81169: (0, 7), 81183: (255, 3), 81197: (255, 2), 81211: (254, 2), 81225: (255, 6), 81239: (0, 4), 81253: (1, 5), 81267: (1, 3), 81281: (0, 2), 81295: (1, 7), 81309: (2, 4), 81323: (1, 4), 81337: (0, 4), 81351: (0, 9), 81365: (0, 5), 81379: (0, 4), 81393: (255, 3), 81407: (255, 5), 81421: (0, 5), 81435: (0, 3), 81449: (0, 3), 81463: (0, 2), 81477: (255, 7), 81491: (0, 3), 81505: (0, 1), 81519: (0, 0), 81533: (0, 6), 81547: (0, 3), 81561: (255, 2), 81575: (255, 1), 81589: (255, 5), 81603: (255, 3), 81617: (255, 1), 81631: (255, 1), 81645: (0, 3), 81659: (255, 4), 81673: (254, 2), 81687: (255, 2), 81701: (255, 2), 81715: (0, 6), 81729: (254, 2), 81743: (254, 1), 81757: (254, 1), 81771: (255, 7), 81785: (255, 2), 81799: (255, 2), 81813: (0, 3), 81827: (0, 7), 81841: (0, 4), 81855: (0, 3), 81869: (255, 3), 81883: (255, 3), 81897: (0, 6), 81911: (255, 4), 81925: (255, 3), 81939: (255, 3), 81953: (0, 9), 81967: (0, 4), 81981: (0, 4), 81995: (255, 4), 82009: (255, 5), 82023: (255, 5), 82037: (255, 3), 82051: (0, 3), 82065: (255, 3), 82079: (255, 8), 82093: (254, 3), 82107: (255, 4), 82121: (0, 3), 82135: (255, 8), 82149: (255, 3), 82163: (255, 3), 82177: (0, 3), 82191: (255, 5), 82205: (255, 4), 82219: (255, 3), 82233: (0, 3), 82247: (255, 3), 82261: (255, 7), 82275: (254, 3), 82289: (255, 3), 82303: (0, 3), 82317: (255, 8), 82331: (255, 3), 82345: (255, 3), 82359: (1, 4), 82373: (1, 9), 82387: (1, 4), 82401: (1, 3), 82415: (1, 3), 82429: (2, 7), 82443: (3, 5), 82457: (2, 3), 82471: (1, 3), 82485: (1, 8), 82499: (3, 5), 82513: (2, 3), 82527: (1, 3), 82541: (255, 6), 82555: (0, 4), 82569: (0, 4), 82583: (255, 4), 82597: (0, 7), 82611: (1, 5), 82625: (0, 4), 82639: (255, 3), 82653: (0, 8), 82667: (0, 4), 82681: (255, 3), 82695: (255, 3), 82709: (0, 9), 82723: (0, 4), 82737: (255, 2), 82751: (255, 2), 82765: (255, 8), 82779: (255, 3), 82793: (254, 2), 82807: (255, 2), 82821: (0, 8), 82835: (255, 3), 82849: (255, 2), 82863: (254, 2), 82877: (255, 7), 82891: (255, 3), 82905: (255, 2), 82919: (254, 2), 82933: (254, 6), 82947: (0, 3), 82961: (1, 3), 82975: (0, 3), 82989: (0, 6), 83003: (254, 2), 83017: (255, 2), 83031: (0, 3), 83045: (0, 6), 83059: (255, 3), 83073: (255, 2), 83087: (255, 3), 83101: (0, 8), 83115: (255, 3), 83129: (255, 3), 83143: (255, 3), 83157: (255, 9), 83171: (255, 4), 83185: (255, 3), 83199: (255, 3), 83213: (0, 10), 83227: (1, 5), 83241: (2, 6), 83255: (1, 4), 83269: (0, 8), 83283: (1, 6), 83297: (2, 5), 83311: (3, 5), 83325: (1, 7), 83339: (255, 5), 83353: (255, 3), 83367: (255, 3), 83381: (0, 4), 83395: (0, 7), 83409: (0, 4), 83423: (0, 3), 83437: (0, 4), 83451: (0, 7), 83465: (255, 3), 83479: (0, 3), 83493: (0, 3), 83507: (0, 6), 83521: (254, 3), 83535: (253, 1), 83549: (254, 1), 83563: (0, 3), 83577: (0, 0), 83591: (255, 127), 83605: (254, 0), 83619: (254, 6), 83633: (0, 3), 83647: (0, 2), 83661: (255, 2), 83675: (255, 6), 83689: (254, 2), 83703: (254, 2), 83717: (254, 1), 83731: (254, 7), 83745: (254, 2), 83759: (255, 2), 83773: (255, 2), 83787: (254, 5), 83801: (254, 3), 83815: (255, 2), 83829: (0, 2), 83843: (255, 2), 83857: (0, 7), 83871: (0, 3), 83885: (1, 2), 83899: (2, 3), 83913: (2, 4), 83927: (1, 8), 83941: (2, 6), 83955: (2, 6), 83969: (0, 3), 83983: (0, 4), 83997: (0, 8), 84011: (255, 3), 84025: (0, 4), 84039: (255, 3), 84053: (254, 3), 84067: (255, 7), 84081: (0, 4), 84095: (1, 4), 84109: (0, 4), 84123: (255, 8), 84137: (255, 4), 84151: (0, 4), 84165: (1, 4), 84179: (0, 3), 84193: (255, 7), 84207: (255, 4), 84221: (0, 3), 84235: (0, 3), 84249: (0, 8), 84263: (0, 4), 84277: (0, 3), 84291: (255, 3), 84305: (0, 4), 84319: (0, 7), 84333: (0, 4), 84347: (0, 3), 84361: (1, 4), 84375: (1, 10), 84389: (1, 4), 84403: (1, 6), 84417: (2, 5), 84431: (0, 8), 84445: (1, 5), 84459: (2, 5), 84473: (1, 4), 84487: (0, 6), 84501: (0, 5), 84515: (0, 4), 84529: (0, 3), 84543: (255, 4), 84557: (0, 6), 84571: (1, 4), 84585: (0, 3), 84599: (0, 3), 84613: (0, 7), 84627: (0, 4), 84641: (1, 4), 84655: (0, 3), 84669: (0, 7), 84683: (0, 4), 84697: (1, 3), 84711: (0, 2), 84725: (0, 7), 84739: (0, 3), 84753: (1, 3), 84767: (1, 2), 84781: (0, 8), 84795: (0, 2), 84809: (255, 0), 84823: (255, 2), 84837: (255, 6), 84851: (1, 4), 84865: (1, 4), 84879: (1, 3), 84893: (2, 4), 84907: (3, 4), 84921: (2, 3), 84935: (2, 3), 84949: (1, 6), 84963: (2, 5), 84977: (2, 3), 84991: (0, 2), 85005: (0, 4), 85019: (1, 6), 85033: (0, 3), 85047: (0, 3), 85061: (0, 4), 85075: (0, 6), 85089: (1, 4), 85103: (1, 3), 85117: (0, 4), 85131: (255, 5), 85145: (255, 3), 85159: (0, 3), 85173: (0, 3), 85187: (0, 6), 85201: (0, 3), 85215: (255, 3), 85229: (0, 3), 85243: (1, 9), 85257: (1, 3), 85271: (0, 2), 85285: (0, 2), 85299: (0, 9), 85313: (0, 4), 85327: (0, 3), 85341: (0, 3), 85355: (0, 8), 85369: (0, 4), 85383: (0, 4), 85397: (255, 3), 85411: (255, 7), 85425: (0, 5), 85439: (0, 4), 85453: (255, 4), 85467: (255, 7), 85481: (0, 6), 85495: (0, 4), 85509: (0, 4), 85523: (0, 5), 85537: (255, 6), 85551: (0, 4), 85565: (0, 4), 85579: (0, 4), 85593: (0, 7), 85607: (1, 2), 85621: (0, 1), 85635: (0, 0), 85649: (255, 7), 85663: (255, 3), 85677: (0, 3), 85691: (1, 4), 85705: (1, 3), 85719: (0, 4), 85733: (0, 1), 85747: (1, 3), 85761: (3, 5), 85775: (2, 9), 85789: (0, 3), 85803: (255, 3), 85817: (0, 3), 85831: (1, 9), 85845: (0, 4), 85859: (255, 3), 85873: (0, 3), 85887: (0, 8), 85901: (0, 5), 85915: (0, 4), 85929: (0, 4), 85943: (255, 8), 85957: (255, 5), 85971: (255, 4), 85985: (0, 4), 85999: (255, 8), 86013: (255, 5), 86027: (0, 5), 86041: (0, 4), 86055: (255, 6), 86069: (255, 6), 86083: (0, 5), 86097: (1, 4), 86111: (0, 4), 86125: (0, 9), 86139: (0, 4), 86153: (0, 4), 86167: (255, 3), 86181: (0, 10), 86195: (255, 4), 86209: (255, 4), 86223: (0, 4), 86237: (0, 10), 86251: (0, 5), 86265: (255, 4), 86279: (255, 4), 86293: (255, 8), 86307: (0, 5), 86321: (0, 3), 86335: (255, 3), 86349: (255, 5), 86363: (0, 5), 86377: (255, 3), 86391: (255, 2), 86405: (255, 1), 86419: (0, 4), 86433: (0, 2), 86447: (255, 3), 86461: (254, 3), 86475: (254, 6), 86489: (255, 2), 86503: (1, 4), 86517: (0, 3), 86531: (0, 8), 86545: (0, 5), 86559: (0, 3), 86573: (0, 4), 86587: (1, 10), 86601: (1, 4), 86615: (2, 4), 86629: (2, 4), 86643: (1, 10), 86657: (1, 5), 86671: (2, 3), 86685: (2, 2), 86699: (2, 9), 86713: (2, 4), 86727: (255, 3), 86741: (255, 3), 86755: (0, 8), 86769: (1, 5), 86783: (0, 4), 86797: (255, 3), 86811: (255, 7), 86825: (0, 5), 86839: (0, 4), 86853: (255, 3), 86867: (255, 4), 86881: (1, 8), 86895: (1, 6), 86909: (1, 5), 86923: (1, 4), 86937: (1, 8), 86951: (3, 5), 86965: (2, 6), 86979: (2, 5), 86993: (1, 9), 87007: (1, 3), 87021: (2, 3), 87035: (1, 3), 87049: (0, 7), 87063: (0, 5), 87077: (255, 3), 87091: (0, 3), 87105: (1, 7), 87119: (0, 5), 87133: (0, 4), 87147: (255, 3), 87161: (255, 6), 87175: (0, 5), 87189: (255, 3), 87203: (255, 2), 87217: (255, 6), 87231: (0, 5), 87245: (0, 4), 87259: (0, 3), 87273: (0, 4), 87287: (0, 5), 87301: (1, 3), 87315: (0, 2), 87329: (255, 3), 87343: (0, 5), 87357: (255, 3), 87371: (0, 2), 87385: (255, 3), 87399: (255, 6), 87413: (0, 4), 87427: (1, 4), 87441: (0, 4), 87455: (0, 8), 87469: (0, 3), 87483: (255, 3), 87497: (255, 3), 87511: (255, 8), 87525: (255, 3), 87539: (255, 3), 87553: (255, 3), 87567: (255, 3), 87581: (254, 8), 87595: (255, 4), 87609: (255, 4), 87623: (0, 4), 87637: (255, 4), 87651: (255, 8), 87665: (255, 4), 87679: (255, 4), 87693: (0, 3), 87707: (0, 5), 87721: (0, 5), 87735: (0, 3), 87749: (0, 3), 87763: (0, 3), 87777: (0, 7), 87791: (0, 5), 87805: (0, 4), 87819: (0, 2), 87833: (0, 2), 87847: (0, 5), 87861: (0, 2), 87875: (255, 2), 87889: (255, 2), 87903: (255, 2), 87917: (255, 6), 87931: (255, 2), 87945: (255, 2), 87959: (255, 2), 87973: (0, 7), 87987: (1, 6), 88001: (0, 4), 88015: (1, 3), 88029: (2, 3), 88043: (1, 8), 88057: (1, 3), 88071: (1, 3), 88085: (2, 5), 88099: (2, 4), 88113: (1, 7), 88127: (255, 3), 88141: (0, 4), 88155: (0, 2), 88169: (0, 8), 88183: (255, 4), 88197: (255, 3), 88211: (1, 4), 88225: (1, 5), 88239: (0, 9), 88253: (0, 4), 88267: (0, 4), 88281: (1, 3), 88295: (1, 7), 88309: (1, 5), 88323: (0, 4), 88337: (0, 4), 88351: (0, 4), 88365: (1, 8), 88379: (0, 4), 88393: (0, 3), 88407: (255, 2), 88421: (0, 8), 88435: (0, 4), 88449: (0, 3), 88463: (255, 2), 88477: (255, 5), 88491: (0, 4), 88505: (255, 3), 88519: (254, 1), 88533: (255, 2), 88547: (0, 6), 88561: (0, 3), 88575: (255, 3), 88589: (255, 3), 88603: (255, 9), 88617: (0, 4), 88631: (0, 3), 88645: (1, 4), 88659: (0, 8), 88673: (1, 4), 88687: (1, 5), 88701: (1, 4), 88715: (0, 8), 88729: (0, 4), 88743: (0, 4), 88757: (1, 4), 88771: (0, 5), 88785: (255, 5), 88799: (0, 4), 88813: (0, 3), 88827: (0, 5), 88841: (255, 6), 88855: (255, 5), 88869: (255, 4), 88883: (0, 4), 88897: (0, 9), 88911: (0, 5), 88925: (255, 3), 88939: (255, 4), 88953: (255, 9), 88967: (1, 6), 88981: (0, 4), 88995: (0, 4), 89009: (0, 7), 89023: (0, 6), 89037: (255, 4), 89051: (0, 4), 89065: (0, 4), 89079: (0, 8), 89093: (0, 5), 89107: (0, 4), 89121: (255, 4), 89135: (255, 9), 89149: (0, 5), 89163: (0, 4), 89177: (255, 3), 89191: (255, 8), 89205: (255, 3), 89219: (0, 3), 89233: (255, 2), 89247: (255, 8), 89261: (255, 4), 89275: (255, 3), 89289: (0, 3), 89303: (0, 7), 89317: (255, 4), 89331: (254, 2), 89345: (255, 2), 89359: (255, 7), 89373: (255, 3), 89387: (254, 1), 89401: (254, 1), 89415: (255, 2), 89429: (0, 4), 89443: (255, 1), 89457: (255, 2), 89471: (255, 2), 89485: (255, 7), 89499: (255, 4), 89513: (255, 3), 89527: (255, 3), 89541: (255, 3), 89555: (0, 10), 89569: (255, 4), 89583: (255, 4), 89597: (0, 4), 89611: (0, 4), 89625: (0, 6), 89639: (0, 3), 89653: (255, 3), 89667: (255, 2), 89681: (255, 8), 89695: (0, 4), 89709: (0, 3), 89723: (0, 3), 89737: (255, 4), 89751: (0, 6), 89765: (0, 4), 89779: (255, 4), 89793: (255, 3), 89807: (0, 7), 89821: (2, 6), 89835: (1, 4), 89849: (1, 4), 89863: (0, 3), 89877: (1, 9), 89891: (1, 3), 89905: (2, 3), 89919: (0, 3), 89933: (0, 9), 89947: (0, 4), 89961: (0, 3), 89975: (0, 3), 89989: (0, 8), 90003: (255, 4), 90017: (255, 3), 90031: (255, 3), 90045: (0, 6), 90059: (0, 5), 90073: (0, 5), 90087: (0, 4), 90101: (0, 4), 90115: (255, 7), 90129: (0, 4), 90143: (0, 3), 90157: (0, 4), 90171: (255, 7), 90185: (255, 4), 90199: (255, 3), 90213: (0, 3), 90227: (0, 7), 90241: (0, 3), 90255: (255, 2), 90269: (255, 2), 90283: (255, 7), 90297: (255, 2), 90311: (255, 2), 90325: (255, 2), 90339: (255, 8), 90353: (255, 2), 90367: (255, 2), 90381: (255, 2), 90395: (0, 8), 90409: (0, 3), 90423: (0, 3), 90437: (0, 2), 90451: (0, 6), 90465: (0, 3), 90479: (2, 4), 90493: (2, 3), 90507: (0, 7), 90521: (1, 5), 90535: (255, 3), 90549: (255, 3), 90563: (0, 5), 90577: (0, 6), 90591: (255, 3), 90605: (255, 3), 90619: (0, 3), 90633: (0, 7), 90647: (0, 3), 90661: (0, 3), 90675: (1, 3), 90689: (0, 9), 90703: (255, 3), 90717: (0, 3), 90731: (0, 1), 90745: (0, 4), 90759: (0, 3), 90773: (2, 3), 90787: (1, 2), 90801: (0, 4), 90815: (1, 4), 90829: (3, 4), 90843: (2, 2), 90857: (0, 2), 90871: (0, 6), 90885: (1, 3), 90899: (1, 3), 90913: (0, 4), 90927: (0, 5), 90941: (0, 3), 90955: (1, 3), 90969: (0, 5), 90983: (0, 5), 90997: (0, 3), 91011: (0, 3), 91025: (0, 7), 91039: (0, 5), 91053: (0, 4), 91067: (255, 3), 91081: (0, 9), 91095: (1, 5), 91109: (0, 3), 91123: (255, 3), 91137: (255, 8), 91151: (0, 4), 91165: (1, 5), 91179: (0, 4), 91193: (255, 6), 91207: (255, 3), 91221: (1, 4), 91235: (0, 7), 91249: (0, 5), 91263: (255, 4), 91277: (255, 3), 91291: (255, 9), 91305: (255, 4), 91319: (255, 3), 91333: (255, 3), 91347: (0, 7), 91361: (255, 3), 91375: (255, 2), 91389: (255, 6), 91403: (255, 4), 91417: (0, 2), 91431: (255, 2), 91445: (255, 8), 91459: (255, 3), 91473: (255, 3), 91487: (255, 4), 91501: (255, 6), 91515: (255, 3), 91529: (255, 2), 91543: (254, 6), 91557: (255, 5), 91571: (255, 3), 91585: (0, 3), 91599: (255, 8), 91613: (255, 4), 91627: (255, 3), 91641: (255, 3), 91655: (255, 9), 91669: (0, 5), 91683: (0, 5), 91697: (0, 5), 91711: (0, 9), 91725: (255, 5), 91739: (0, 4), 91753: (0, 3), 91767: (1, 10), 91781: (0, 5), 91795: (255, 3), 91809: (254, 4), 91823: (255, 9), 91837: (1, 3), 91851: (0, 2), 91865: (255, 2), 91879: (255, 9), 91893: (0, 5), 91907: (0, 4), 91921: (255, 3), 91935: (0, 9), 91949: (0, 5), 91963: (255, 3), 91977: (255, 3), 91991: (255, 10), 92005: (0, 5), 92019: (0, 4), 92033: (0, 4), 92047: (255, 10), 92061: (255, 4), 92075: (0, 4), 92089: (1, 4), 92103: (0, 9), 92117: (255, 3), 92131: (255, 3), 92145: (255, 6), 92159: (0, 6), 92173: (255, 3), 92187: (255, 3), 92201: (255, 8), 92215: (255, 4), 92229: (255, 3), 92243: (255, 2), 92257: (255, 9), 92271: (255, 3), 92285: (255, 2), 92299: (255, 2), 92313: (0, 8), 92327: (0, 3), 92341: (0, 1), 92355: (1, 5), 92369: (3, 9), 92383: (1, 4), 92397: (0, 3), 92411: (0, 5), 92425: (0, 5), 92439: (1, 4), 92453: (0, 3), 92467: (255, 7), 92481: (0, 6), 92495: (0, 3), 92509: (0, 3), 92523: (255, 8), 92537: (255, 4), 92551: (0, 3), 92565: (255, 3), 92579: (255, 10), 92593: (255, 4), 92607: (0, 3), 92621: (0, 4), 92635: (0, 10), 92649: (255, 3), 92663: (255, 3), 92677: (0, 4), 92691: (0, 10), 92705: (255, 4), 92719: (255, 3), 92733: (255, 3), 92747: (0, 9), 92761: (0, 4), 92775: (255, 3), 92789: (255, 4), 92803: (255, 6), 92817: (255, 3), 92831: (255, 3), 92845: (0, 7), 92859: (255, 6), 92873: (255, 4), 92887: (255, 4), 92901: (255, 9), 92915: (1, 5), 92929: (0, 4), 92943: (255, 3), 92957: (0, 10), 92971: (0, 4), 92985: (255, 3), 92999: (255, 3), 93013: (0, 10), 93027: (0, 4), 93041: (255, 3), 93055: (254, 4), 93069: (255, 9), 93083: (255, 4), 93097: (255, 4), 93111: (0, 3), 93125: (254, 7), 93139: (254, 4), 93153: (255, 2), 93167: (0, 7), 93181: (0, 5), 93195: (254, 3), 93209: (254, 2), 93223: (254, 8), 93237: (254, 3), 93251: (254, 2), 93265: (254, 1), 93279: (254, 6), 93293: (254, 2), 93307: (253, 1), 93321: (253, 6), 93335: (255, 3), 93349: (255, 2), 93363: (254, 1), 93377: (254, 7), 93391: (253, 2), 93405: (254, 2), 93419: (254, 1), 93433: (255, 6), 93447: (255, 0), 93461: (253, 0), 93475: (254, 1), 93489: (254, 7), 93503: (254, 2), 93517: (254, 2), 93531: (254, 2), 93545: (254, 8), 93559: (254, 3), 93573: (254, 2), 93587: (255, 3), 93601: (0, 9), 93615: (255, 2), 93629: (0, 3), 93643: (254, 3), 93657: (252, 7), 93671: (254, 4), 93685: (252, 3), 93699: (1, 2), 93713: (253, 5), 93727: (252, 3), 93741: (255, 3), 93755: (251, 1), 93769: (252, 2), 93783: (251, 3), 93797: (252, 3), 93811: (251, 2), 93825: (254, 2), 93839: (252, 7), 93853: (1, 4), 93867: (251, 1), 93881: (252, 0), 93895: (252, 6), 93909: (251, 2), 93923: (251, 0), 93937: (251, 1), 93951: (0, 6), 93965: (251, 1), 93979: (250, 0), 93993: (250, 2), 94007: (250, 2), 94021: (252, 1), 94035: (252, 0), 94049: (253, 6), 94063: (253, 2), 94077: (251, 1), 94091: (250, 0), 94105: (255, 7), 94119: (252, 3), 94133: (250, 2), 94147: (250, 2), 94161: (251, 7), 94175: (250, 3), 94189: (250, 1), 94203: (251, 2), 94217: (251, 6), 94231: (252, 4), 94245: (255, 3), 94259: (249, 0), 94273: (252, 4), 94287: (254, 7), 94301: (4, 4)}



.. image:: basic_use_notebook_files/basic_use_notebook_25_1.png


The reference frames look nicer too..
